A. a. audax --- Average clutch size is two eggs in the subspecies A. a. audax and one in A. a. fleayi.
A. a. fleayi --- Average clutch size is two eggs in the subspecies A. a. audax and one in A. a. fleayi.
A. apus --- A. apus typically include 30-40 nest sites, reflecting the gregarious nature of the common swift mating system.
A. aurantia --- A. aurantia webs can be up to two feet across and individuals hang head down, with legs in pairs at the center.
A. aurantia --- Although there is a considerable and conflicting body of research on the adaptive significance of A. aurantia stabilamenta, most experimentation reveals prevention of damage and increased foraging success.
A. azarae --- A. azarae is generally reproductively active during the same season in which it is born.
A. azarae --- A. azarae is short lived, and expected lifespan varies based upon the season of birth.
A. barbouri --- A sibling species, A. barbouri, has a different reproductive strategy.
A. belzebul --- Other reproductive information specific to A. belzebul (birth weight, age at which weaning occurs, ages of sexual maturity in males and females) is not available.
A. belzebuth --- The timing of sexual maturity in A. belzebuth is not known, but is probably similar to other species in the genus.
A. bobrinskii --- No data on parental investment have been reported for A. bobrinskii, but in a close relative, Allactaga euphratica, young receive care from their mother until they reach independence.
A. bobrinskii --- The weaning period of A. bobrinskii offspring is not known, but close relatives, Allactaga elater and Allactaga major, have offspring nursed and cared for up until 30 to 45 days old.
A. bobrinskii --- There is no information on the longevity of A. bobrinskii in either the wild or captivity.
A. boliviensis --- Information on A. boliviensis is scarce.
A. boliviensis --- Nothing is known about reproduction in A. boliviensis.
A. buselaphus --- Female A. buselaphus then leave their young hidden in the scrub for a few weeks, coming back only to suckle.
A. calabarensis --- When kept in captivity the lifespan of A. calabarensis can extend from 18 to 20 years.
A. chalcodes --- Male A. chalcodes weave a "purse" to hold the sperm, which he then "loads" into the syringes.
A. cinereus --- A captive specimen of A. cinereus lived about 16 years.
A. collaris --- M. meles and A. collaris have lived in captivity 16 and 13 years, respectively.
A. congicus --- Although it is not known whether the breeding is seasonal or occurs throughout the year, births do seem to peak in the dry season in other Aonyx capensis populations, and it is predicted that A. congicus would be similar (Estes, 1991).
A. congicus --- Aonyx capensis populations, and it is predicted that A. congicus would be similar (Estes, 1991).
A. congicus --- Lifespan range in A. congicus is unknown.
A. dioptrica --- However, no specific information on parental investment is available for A. dioptrica.
A. dioptrica --- The lifespan of A. dioptrica is unknown.
A. euphratica --- The details of development in the young are not known in A. euphratica.
A. fischeri --- There are viable, wild hybrids of A. fischeri and a close relative, A. personatus, where they co-occur. (Forshaw, 2006; Fry, Keith, and Urban, 1988; Rauzon, 2001; Soderburg, 1977)
A. frenatus --- Another form of behavior recorded among A. frenatus is "signal jumping," which means that a male will move rapidly around an anemone in an up and down manner.
A. funereus --- Finland, a study was done to determine the survival rate of A. funereus.
A. fusca --- These data do not allow easy categorization of the mating patterns demonstrated by A. fusca.
A. fuscus --- Newborn A. fuscus are precocial relative to many rodents, being fairly well developed at birth.
A. gazella --- The longevity of A. philippii is unknown but may be similar to A. gazella, in which expected life span is 13 years for males, with females typically living about 23 years. (UNEP World Conservation Monitoring Center, 2001)
A. geoffroyi --- More research is needed to understand parental care of A. geoffroyi across its range.
A. gryllus --- This also functions to let the other males of A. gryllus know to stay out of his territory.
A. hottentotus --- The lifespan of A. hottentotus is unknown.
A. hottentotus --- Very little is known about the mating systems of A. hottentotus.
A. hyacinthinus --- Typically, it takes A. hyacinthinus eggs 25 to 28 days to hatch.
A. laniger --- Little is known about the lifespan of A. laniger.
A. laniger --- Madagascar, male and female A. laniger seem to mate for life.
A. longicaudus --- Nothing is known about the lifespan of A. longicaudus, but few voles live more than 1 to 2 years.
A. nana --- The lifespan for A. nana is not known, but parrots generally live for many years.
A. nana --- There is no information given on the mating behavior of A. nana but based upon other research of the parrot family Psittacidae, the birds do have a mating call that is sung by the male to make the female aware that he is ready to mate.
A. nigriceps --- Reproductive activity in A. nigriceps usually occurs between August and February and the female produces one infant a year.
A. niloticus --- However, given the communal social structure of A. niloticus, it is likely that males are at the least indifferent to and at most actively parenting their offspring.
A. niloticus --- Refinetti (2004) reports an average longevity of 2 years in captivity, with a standard deviation of 1 year for A. niloticus.
A. ocellaris --- A. ocellaris includes the extension of spines, biting, and chasing.
A. ocellaris --- Captivity transfer experiments have been performed to address the possibility of restocking the fish in areas where they have been depleted; these find that survival among transferred fish is higher among smaller A. ocellaris (Nelson et al.
A. ocellaris --- Courtship behavior in A. ocellaris includes the extension of spines, biting, and chasing. (Allen, 1991; Balon, 1990; Boyer, 2005; Thresher, 1984
A. ocellaris --- Information specifically for A. ocellaris mating habits is not available, but general behavior believed to be typical of all anemonefishes is documented.
A. ochrocephala --- Up to one month before the first egg is layed, female A. ochrocephala prepare a nest in a tree hollow.
A. opacum --- Ambystoma cingulatum is one of the only Ambystoma species, other than A. opacum, that courts terrestrially (Petranka 1998).
A. pallidus --- Individuals of A. pallidus in the wild have been known to live for at least nine years and captive populations have had individuals live for up to eleven years.
A. perideraion --- While little research has actually been done on the reproductive mechanisms of A. perideraion, a similar species Ampiprion ocellaris showed several interesting reproductive mechanisms.
A. personatus --- There are viable, wild hybrids of A. fischeri and a close relative, A. personatus, where they co-occur. (Forshaw, 2006; Fry, Keith, and Urban, 1988; Rauzon, 2001; Soderburg, 1977)
A. philippii --- After a long initial post-natal suckling bout (averaging 11.3 days in length), females of A. philippii undergo long foraging trips (averaging 12.2 days in length), and this leads to some of the longest recorded intersuckling intervals for a mammal.
A. philippii --- The longevity of A. philippii is unknown but may be similar to A. gazella, in which expected life span is 13 years for males, with females typically living about 23 years. (UNEP World Conservation Monitoring Center, 2001)
A. pusillus --- Relatively little is known about parental investment in A. pusillus.
A. pusillus --- There is little available information for A. pusillus concerning their lifespan or longevity.
A. roseicollis --- The typical lifespan in captivity of A. roseicollis is 15 to 25 years.
A. sayanus --- However it was noted that the space within the branchial cavity of A. sayanus is insufficient to hold an entire clutch of eggs (Katula, 1992).
A. sayanus --- It was first suggested that the migration of the anus in A. sayanus was to facilitate gill brooding of its eggs, as is found in northern cavefishes (Amblyopsis spelaea) with similar morphological features.
A. sexdens --- Although no one has yet observed the complete Atta sexdens mating process, it is theorized that A. sexdens queens are polyandrous.
A. sponsa --- The average lifespan of A. sponsa is three or four years.
A. swainsonii --- A. swainsonii develop slowly and are fully mature around 8 months, near the beginning of the next breeding season.
A. virgo --- Initiated by either sex, A. virgo also perform a dance before copulation.
A. virgo --- The lifespan of A. virgo in the wild is unknown presently.
A.varius --- A.varius reproduces mostly along streams and other sources of moving water.
Abrocoma cinerea --- Very little is known about reproduction in Abrocoma cinerea.
Acanthaster planci --- Males and females synchronize sperm and egg release, resulting in a free exchange of gametes from individuals in a particular area. Acanthaster planci reproduce sexually.
Acanthochromis polyacanthus --- In general fry are left to care for themselves after hatching, but in one Indo-Pacific species, Acanthochromis polyacanthus, parents guard their school of young near the spawning cave for three to six weeks. (Allen, 1998; B&#246;hlke and Chaplin, 1994; Froese, Pauly, and Woodland, 2003; Helfman, Collete, and Facey, 1997; Thresher, 1984)
Acanthuridae --- Polygyny is much more common than polyandry, and usually involves territorial males organized into harems (males breed exclusively with a group of females), as in numerous Cichlidae species and several families of reef fishes (Scaridae, Labridae and Pomacentridae, Malacanthidae, Acanthuridae and Balistidae). (Helfman, Collete, and Facey, 1997; Moyle and Cech, 2004)
Acanthurus bahianus --- Generally, spawning aggregation sites are also used by Acanthurus bahianus and members of the genera Scarus and Sparisoma.
Acerodon jubatus --- Acerodon jubatus populations on all islands reproduce at approximately the same time, indicating that they probably use photoperiod as a cue instead of more localized environmental conditions.
Acerodon jubatus --- No information is currently available on longevity in Acerodon jubatus.
Acipenser fulvescens --- Acipenser fulvescens become sexually mature when they are around the age of twenty and at a length of a little over a meter.
Acipenser huso --- Although the Russian sturgeon (Acipenser huso) may reach a length of 30 centimeters in one year, the lake sturgeon requires twenty years to attain a length of a little over a meter.
Acipenser huso --- Russian sturgeon (Acipenser huso) may reach a length of 30 centimeters in one year, the lake sturgeon requires twenty years to attain a length of a little over a meter.
Acomys russatus --- This results in Acomys russatus newborns being very well developed.
Aconaemys fuscus --- Aconaemys fuscus may be similar.
Acris crepitans --- Acris crepitans reaches sexual maturity at one year.
Acrobates pygmaeus --- Reproductive research is lacking for feathertail possums but the related species, Acrobates pygmaeus, reaches sexual maturity at 8 months to one year of age and has two litters per year.
Acrobates pygmaeus --- Their close relative, Acrobates pygmaeus, is polygynous.
Acropora --- Acropora grow branches, which are also known as buds, that become the daughter polyps, which then bud more daughters (McGregor 1974).
Acropora --- Acropora millepora have some of the smallest fragments in their genus.
Acropora --- In almost all species of Acropora, individuals have a mandatory threshold size that they must attain before sexual reproduction will proceed.
Acropora --- In every member of the genus Acropora, this ratio increases as colony size increases.
Acropora millepora --- Acropora millepora eggs which have spawned have within them high levels of UV blocking agents.
Acropora millepora --- Acropora millepora have some of the smallest fragments in their genus.
Acropora millepora --- However, asexual reproduction by fragmentation is a less important life-history trait for Acropora millepora than for other species (Smith & Hughes, 1999).
Acropora millepora --- In the first 8 months of life, rates of mortality in juvenile Acropora millepora were as high as 86% (Dubinsky, 1990).
Acropora millepora --- Reef building corals, such as Acropora millepora, can reproduce sexually in an event called "mass spawning".
Actinia equina --- Actinia equina are the only species of anemone to brood their young (viviparous reproduction).
Actinia equina --- Although Actinia equina can reproduce sexually, they can also reproduce asexually through parthenogenesis of vegetative growth (e.
Actinia equina --- Although Actinia equina can reproduce sexually, they can also reproduce asexually through parthenogenesis of vegetative growth (e.g.
Aechmophorus occidentalis --- Aechmophorus occidentalis breeds in the spring.
Aedes triseriatus --- Aedes triseriatus commonly lays its eggs in dark tree holes and protected artificial containers (such as tires or cans) that may hold small amounts of still water, hence deriving its common name, the tree hole mosquito.
Aedes triseriatus --- Female Aedes triseriatus only mate once, and sperm are transferred into a structure known as the spermathecae.
Aegolius funereus --- Aegolius funereus is primarily monogamous.
Aepyprymnus rufescens --- Aepyprymnus rufescens do not permanently leave the pouch until the 16th week.
Aepyprymnus rufescens --- Aepyprymnus rufescens is polyestrous, with an estrus cycle occurring approximately every 34 days.
Aepyprymnus rufescens --- Aepyprymnus rufescens normally have one young per birth, however twins are not uncommon.
Aepyprymnus rufescens --- In response to this attack, Aepyprymnus rufescens males often stamp one outstretched hind foot near the female and thresh their tails.
Aerodramus terraereginae --- Australian swiftlets (Aerodramus terraereginae) have two single-egg clutches per year.
Aetobatus narinari --- It is known that Aetobatus narinari reach sexual maturity after four to six years, and Myliobatus californica live about 23 years.
Myliobatus californica --- It is known that Aetobatus narinari reach sexual maturity after four to six years, and Myliobatus californica live about 23 years.
Aetobatus narinari --- It is known that Aetobatus narinari reach sexual maturity after four to six years, and Myliobatus californica live about 23 years.
Agalychnis callidryas --- Agalychnis callidryas usually reproduce in the rainy season.
Agalychnis callidryas --- Reproduction is a very strenous activity for Agalychnis callidryas.
Agalychnis callidryas --- While most frog species lay their eggs directly into the water, Agalychnis callidryas lay theirs on the underside of leaves that hang over bodies of water.
Agama agama --- Agama agama is a thermoregulated embryo species resulting in all males at twenty-nine degrees Celsius and all females at twenty-six to twenty-seven degrees Celsius (Crews et al.
Agama agama --- Agama agama reproduces during the wet season although they are capable of reproducing nearly year round in areas of consistant rainfall(Porter et al.
Agapornis fischeri --- Agapornis fischeri breed January to April and June to July during the dry season.
Agapornis fischeri --- Currently there is not much information on lifespan in wild Agapornis fischeri.
Agapornis roseicollis --- Agapornis roseicollis has been observed to be a seasonal breeder in the wild, but in captivity can breed year-round.
Agapornis roseicollis --- Agapornis roseicollis shows variability in both nest choice and nest usage.
Agkistrodon piscivorous --- Little information has been documented on the lifespan of Agkistrodon piscivorous in captivity or in the wild, however, the oldest cottonmouth known lived to 24.5 years old.
Agouti paca --- Mountain paca reproduction is not well studied, but is thought to be like that of Agouti paca (pacas) and much of the information below is based om that species.
Ailuropoda melanoleuca --- Bears are very small when born, from 90 (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) to 680 (Ursus arctos) grams at birth.
Ailuropoda melanoleuca --- Weaning occurs from 3.5 (Ursus thibetanus) to 9 (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) months.
Ailurops ursinus --- An adult female Ailurops ursinus gives birth one or two times a year.
Ailurops ursinus --- It is unknown at what age Ailurops ursinus reaches developmental maturity.
Aiptasia pallida --- Aiptasia pallida reproduces aesexually and there is no parental investment.
Aix sponsa --- Aix sponsa breeds in February and early March in the south and mid-March to mid April in the northern areas.
Aix sponsa --- Aix sponsa shows courtship behaviors in the fall and again in the spring.
Akodon --- Delayed implantation is thought to occur in some species of Akodon and may occur in Akodon cursor as well.
Akodon --- The litter size is usually three and average gestation time of other Akodon species is 23 days.
Akodon --- Young are weaned at about 14 days old in other Akodon species.
Akodon azarae --- Akodon azarae, a related species, reproduce seasonally, giving birth to an average of 4.6 young per litter after a gestation period of 22.7 days.
Akodon cursor --- Akodon and may occur in Akodon cursor as well.
Akodon cursor --- Akodon cursor will occasionally hybridize with other species of the same genus including Akodon montensis.
Akodon cursor --- Delayed implantation is thought to occur in some species of Akodon and may occur in Akodon cursor as well.
Akodon cursor --- There is little information on longevity in Akodon cursor.
Akodon cursor --- There is little information on mating in Akodon cursor.
Akodon montensis --- Akodon cursor will occasionally hybridize with other species of the same genus including Akodon montensis.
Alaria americana --- Adult Alaria americana reproduce in the intestines of the definitive Canidae hosts, then pass unembryonated eggs through the feces.
Alasmidonta marginata --- Alasmidonta marginata is a long-term brooder.
Alasmidonta viridis --- Alasmidonta viridis is a long-term brooder.
Alauda arvensis --- The longest living known individuals are an 8 year, 5 month old skylark (Alauda arvensis) and a 7 year 11 month old horned lark (Eremophila alpestris).
Alcedo atthis --- A common kingfisher (Alcedo atthis) is among the oldest known kingfishers at 15 years and 5 months.
Alcedo atthis --- Mating is the only time that Alcedo atthis individuals are not solitary.
Alcedo meninting --- Polygamy is known to occur in at least one species of kingfisher; male common kingfishers (Alcedo meninting) in Russia frequently breed with up to three females.
Allacta elater --- In a close relative, Allacta elater, parental investment consists of the mother caring for her young for several months, protecting and teaching them until they are old enough to fend for themselves.
Allactaga elater --- The weaning period of A. bobrinskii offspring is not known, but close relatives, Allactaga elater and Allactaga major, have offspring nursed and cared for up until 30 to 45 days old.
Allactaga euphratica --- Allactaga euphratica young open their eyes at the age of two weeks.
Allactaga euphratica --- No data on parental investment have been reported for A. bobrinskii, but in a close relative, Allactaga euphratica, young receive care from their mother until they reach independence.
Allactaga major --- The weaning period of A. bobrinskii offspring is not known, but close relatives, Allactaga elater and Allactaga major, have offspring nursed and cared for up until 30 to 45 days old.
Allactaga sibirica --- Lifespan has not been recorded for P. ctenodactylus, but two other species of jerboa, Scirtopoda telum, the thick tailed three toed jerboa, and Allactaga sibirica, the jumper jerboa, have both been observed to live around 2 years in the wild.
Allactaga tetradactyla --- A close relative that might offer insight is Allactaga tetradactyla.
Allactaga tetradactyla --- Little is known about the reproductive behavior of Allactaga tetradactyla except that there is a long breeding season that usually peaks corresponding with spring, summer, and fall.
Allactaga tetradactyla --- Their close relatives, four-toed jerboas (Allactaga tetradactyla), might give some hints as to the mating system for this species.
Allactodipus bobrinskii --- Allactodipus bobrinskii has two observed breeding seasons: April to June and September to October.
Allenopithecus nigroviridis --- Again little is known about the specific reproductive system of Allenopithecus nigroviridis.
Allenopithecus nigroviridis --- Allenopithecus nigroviridis can live up to 2 decades.
Allocebus trichotis --- Allocebus trichotis is presumed to be monogamous.
Allocebus trichotis --- Allocebus trichotis is probably similar. (Nowak, 1999)
Allocebus trichotis --- Cheirogaleidae are noted to live 15 to 19 years in captivity. Allocebus trichotis is probably similar.
Alopochen aegyptiacus --- The lifespan of Alopochen aegyptiacus in the wild has not been documented.
Alopochen aeygptiacus --- At the age of two, Alopochen aeygptiacus reach sexual maturity.
Alouatta belzebul --- There is little available information on parental investment in Alouatta belzebul.
Alouatta belzebul --- There is little information on lifespan of Alouatta belzebul in the wild due to the long-term observations required.
Alouatta caraya --- Gestation length for Alouatta caraya is 187 days.
Alouatta caraya --- The mating system of Alouatta caraya appears promiscuous among the members of the group. Gestation length for Alouatta caraya is 187 days.
Alouatta palliata --- Alouatta palliata weigh 275 to 400 grams at birth and are weaned at 10 months.
Alouatta seniculus --- Alouatta seniculus appears to breed throughout the year.
Alouatta seniculus --- Newborn Alouatta seniculus are at first quite helpless and are carried around at the mother's belly.
Amandava amandava --- The eggs of Amandava amandava are incubated by both parents during the day.
Amazilia saucerrottei --- Amazilia saucerrottei builds a cup nest of compact pale-colored plants, down, and cobwebs, which is usually heavily decorated on the outside with lichens.
Amblema plicata --- Amblema plicata is a short-term brooder.
Amblyopsis spelaea --- It was first suggested that the migration of the anus in A. sayanus was to facilitate gill brooding of its eggs, as is found in northern cavefishes (Amblyopsis spelaea) with similar morphological features.
Ambystoma annulatum --- Ambystoma annulatum is an explosive breeder, and at times breeding males will try to reproduce 2 - 4 times during the breeding season (Petranka 1998).
Ambystoma annulatum --- The embryonic period of Ambystoma annulatum is fairly short.
Ambystoma texanum --- Ambystoma barbouri, the "stream form," breeds in ephemeral headwater regions in contrast to Ambystoma texanum, the "pond form," which breeds in ephemeral lenthic habitats, including road side ditches, flooded areas and small ponds (Maureer and Sih 1996).
Ambystoma barbouri --- Ambystoma barbouri, the "stream form," breeds in ephemeral headwater regions in contrast to Ambystoma texanum, the "pond form," which breeds in ephemeral lenthic habitats, including road side ditches, flooded areas and small ponds (Maureer and Sih 1996).
Ambystoma californiense --- Ambystoma californiense breeds from late winter into early spring in large temporary ponds.
Ambystoma cingulatum --- Ambystoma cingulatum is one of the only Ambystoma species, other than A. opacum, that courts terrestrially (Petranka 1998).
Ambystoma gracile --- Ambystoma gracile generally live five years. (Petranka, 1998)
Ambystoma macrodactylum croceum --- The reproductive behavior of Ambystoma macrodactylum croceum is highly unique.
Ambystoma opacum --- Unlike most others in this family, Ambystoma opacum has a very unusual reproductive strategy.
Ambystoma texanum --- Ambystoma texanum breeds very early in the year.
Ambystoma texanum --- Breeding begins four to five weeks later for Ambystoma texanum, which is an explosive breeder (Petranka 1984).
Ambystoma texanum --- The two species were formerly considered two races of Ambystoma texanum but now are classified as different species.
Ambystoma tigrinum --- Ambystoma tigrinum migrates to the breeding ponds in late winter or early spring, usually after a warm rain that thaws out the ground's surface.
Ametrida centurio --- Reproduction in Ametrida centurio is not well understood.
Ammodorcas clarkei --- It is likely Ammodorcas clarkei maintains territories by marking them with urination, defecation, and preornital gland secretions.
Ammodramus caudacutus --- Saltmarsh sharp-tailed sparrows (Ammodramus caudacutus) exhibit what is called scramble competition polygyny.
Ammospermophilus interpres --- Occasionally a female will rear two litters in a year, but little is known about the reproductive cycle of Ammospermophilus interpres (Walker 1983, Davis 1960; Best, 1999).
Ammospermophilus leucurus --- Ammospermophilus leucurus build nests for the young near the center of the burrow.
Ammospermophilus leucurus --- The breeding season for Ammospermophilus leucurus is in spring, between February and June.
Amphiprion akindynos --- Several days prior to spawning, there is increased social interaction between Amphiprion akindynos males and females.
Amphiprion frenatus --- In captivity, the record is 18 years for Amphiprion frenatus and Amphiprion perideraion.
Amphiprion frenatus --- In captivity, the record is 18 years for Amphiprion frenatus and Amphiprion perideraion.
Amphiprion perideraion --- In captivity, the record is 18 years for Amphiprion frenatus and Amphiprion perideraion.
Amphiprion ocellaris --- Amphiprion ocellaris is able to breed nearly year round because it inhabits tropical waters (Thresher 1984) but may be somewhat limited in the northern reaches of its distribution during winter months.
Amphiprion ocellaris --- Amphiprion ocellaris is part of a the subfamily Amphiprioninae, or anemonefishes.
Amphiprion percula --- Amphiprion percula have a record of 18 years in captivity. (Fautin and Allen, 1992)
Amphiprion percula --- Despite being restricted to the immediate vicinity of its host anemone, Amphiprion percula can breed/spawn year round due to the perpetually warm tropical waters they inhabit.
Amphiprion percula --- Monogamous pair-bond formations between male and female individuals of Amphiprion percula are very strong and correlated with the small territory size that this species occupies.
Amphiprion percula --- Some data suggests that the lifespan is around ten years. Amphiprion percula have a record of 18 years in captivity.
Amphiprion percula --- The eggs of Amphiprion percula are about 3-4 mm in length (Fautin and Allen, 1992).
Amphiprion perideraion --- A related species, Amphiprion perideraion, was recorded living to 18 years.
Amphiprion perideraion --- A related species, Amphiprion perideraion, was recorded living to 18 years. (Fautin and Allen, 1992; Kramer, 2005)
Amphiprion perideraion --- Amphiprion perideraion are monogamous fish where only two of the representatives of a group are actually involved in the mating.
Amphiprion perideraion --- Amphiprion perideraion spawn several times between April and August, but sometimes as early as February, depending on the conditions.
Amphiprion perideraion --- Male Amphiprion perideraion protect the developing eggs while they are attached to the substrate just outside of the host anemone, for about 6 to 8 days.
Ampiprion ocellaris --- While little research has actually been done on the reproductive mechanisms of A. perideraion, a similar species Ampiprion ocellaris showed several interesting reproductive mechanisms.
Anathana ellioti --- Little is known of the reproductive behavior of Anathana ellioti.
Anathana ellioti --- Tupaia in which the male testes are scrotal, the testes are abdominal in Anathana ellioti (Verma 1965; Hayssen 1993).
Ancylostoma caninum --- Copulation for Ancylostoma caninum occurs within the small intestine and the female worms pass eggs in the feces.
Andrias japonicus --- Andrias japonicus begins the reproductive process in early autumn.
Anguilla anguilla --- Based on what is known about European eels (Anguilla anguilla), it is plausible that green morays are promiscuous and that spawning sites are farther from the shoreline than the eel's foraging habitat, between 400 m and 500 m deep.
Anguilla japonica --- Japanese eels, Anguilla japonica, similar breeding patterns might be assumed.
Anguilla japonica --- There is little information on their reproduction, but since European eels are closely related to Japanese eels, Anguilla japonica, similar breeding patterns might be assumed.
Anguilla rostrata --- Anguilla rostrata is a catadromous species, living most of its life in freshwater, but spawning in saltwater (Sumich, 1999).
Anhima cornuta --- Anhima cornuta individuals build large nests of plant materials, such as reeds and sticks, that are 8 to 10 centimeters deep.
Anhima cornuta --- There are different mating behaviors in Anhima cornuta.
Anhima cornuta --- There is no known information on the lifespan of Anhima cornuta.
Anhinga anhinga --- Anhinga anhinga is believed to reach sexual maturity around two years of age.
Anhinga anhinga --- Anhinga anhinga is monogamous and pairs may reuse nests from year to year.
Anhinga anhinga --- Upon hatching, Anhinga anhinga chicks are naked and helpless.
Anodontoides ferussacianus --- In the Huron River, Anodontoides ferussacianus was gravid from early August to late May of the following year.
Anodontoides ferussacianus --- River, Anodontoides ferussacianus was gravid from early August to late May of the following year.
Anodorhynchus hyacinthinus --- The lifespan of Anodorhynchus hyacinthinus is unknown, partly because it lives so long.
Anolis carolinensis --- Little research is available on the brown anole for its mating system, however there is research available in this area on its close relative, the green anole (Anolis carolinensis).
Anolis carolinensis --- Most anole research available pertaining to parental care was conducted on Anolis carolinensis, a closely related species.
Anolis carolinensis --- The Green Anole (Anolis carolinensis): Account by Thomas A. Jenssen, Department of Biological Sciences, Virginia Tech
Anolis carolinensis --- The green anole (Anolis carolinensis): A reptilian model for laboratory studies of reproductive morphology and behavior.
Anolis carolinensis --- Young feed voraciously on small insects and other invertebrates, and will typically survive one to two additional breeding seasons, although they are known to survive longer in captivity. References The Green Anole (Anolis carolinensis): Account by Thomas A. Jenssen, Department of Biological Sciences, Virginia Tech Lovern, MB, Holmes, MM, and Wade, J.
Anomalurus beecrofti --- The lifespan of Anomalurus beecrofti is scarcely known in the wild and in captivity.
Anomalurus beecrofti --- The offspring of Anomalurus beecrofti are hidden in the nest and are fed by both parents until they are almost full grown.
Anomalurus beecrofti --- There is no information concerning mating systems in Anomalurus beecrofti. Information about reproduction in Anomalurus beecrofti is scarce.
Anomalurus derbianus --- In West Africa, the main breeding season of Anomalurus derbianus seems to be at the end of the rainy season.
Anopheles gambiae --- Some species in the Anopheles gambiae complex are freshwater breeders while others prefer saltwater, but mosquito eggs must remain in contact with water to survive.
Anopheles gambiae --- Some species in the Anopheles gambiae complex prefer small, shaded pools and rice fields to lay their eggs, while others prefer water with a high salinity concentration.
Anoplophora glabripennis --- The lifespan of Anoplophora glabripennis in captivity is not known.
Anoplophora glabripennis --- The lifespan of Anoplophora glabripennis in captivity is not known. (Cavey and February 8, 2000; Smith et al., December 2001)
Antechinus stuartii --- Antechinus stuartii have a single breeding season restricted to about three months, and produce one litter per year.
Antechinus swainsonii --- Females of the species Antechinus swainsonii usually die after rearing their first litter and males die shortly after copulation (Williams and Williams 1982).
Anthopleura elegantissima --- Anthopleura elegantissima are either male or female.
Anthopleura elegantissima --- Anthopleura elegantissima can reproduce both sexually and asexually, although most individuals reproduce asexually.
Anthopleura elegantissima --- Anthopleura elegantissima reproduces asexually by longitudinal fission.
Anthopleura elegantissima --- In sexually reproducing Anthopleura elegantissima, gametes are released during the summer and fall into the surrounding water.
Anthopleura xanthogrammica --- Anthopleura xanthogrammica reproduces sexually through external fertilization of sperm and eggs.
Anthus rubescens --- American pipit, Anthus rubescens, lived 5 yrs, 1 month.
Anthus rubescens --- American pipits (Anthus rubescens).
Anthus rubescens --- An individual American pipit, Anthus rubescens, lived 5 yrs, 1 month.
Anthus rubescens --- An individual American pipit, Anthus rubescens, lived 5 yrs, 1 month. (Verbeek and Hendricks, 2008)
Anthus rubescens --- Closely related American pipits (Anthus rubescens) produce clutches of from 3 to 7 eggs that hatch in 16 to 25 days.
Anthus rubescens --- Incubation is done exclusively by the female over a period of 12 to 14 days and males do most of the foraging for prey for hatchlings in closely related American pipits (Anthus rubescens).
Anthus rubescens --- Incubation is done exclusively by the female over a period of 12 to 14 days and males do most of the foraging for prey for hatchlings in closely related American pipits (Anthus rubescens). (Cramp, 1988)
Anthus spragueii --- Little is known about the mating systems of Anthus spragueii.
Antilope cervicapra --- In other similarly sized bovid species (e.g. Antilope cervicapra, and Litocranius walleri) males establish and defend territories, at least during the breeding season, and are polygynous.
Aonyx capensis --- Although it is not known whether the breeding is seasonal or occurs throughout the year, births do seem to peak in the dry season in other Aonyx capensis populations, and it is predicted that A. congicus would be similar (Estes, 1991).
Aonyx cinerea --- Aonyx cinerea has an estruous cycle that lasts between 22.4 and 30 days, and an estrus of 3 days.
Aotus lemurinus --- Aotus lemurinus is a monogamous mammal. Aotus lemurinus reaches sexual maturity at approximately 2.5 years of age.
Aotus nancymaae --- Aotus nancymaae give birth to young that are well developed at the time of birth.
Aotus nancymaae --- Aotus nancymaae live in small groups, consisting of a monogamous breeding pair and up to the three of their most recent offspring.
Aotus nancymaae --- Aotus nancymaae mate year round, but it is speculated that offspring are conceived dependent of the availability of resources.
Aotus nigriceps --- Not much is known about longevity in Aotus nigriceps in the wild.
Aotus trivirgatus --- Aotus trivirgatus live in monogamous pairs.
Aotus trivirgatus --- Since calls are not common among Aotus trivirgatus, a hoot usually indicates a lone male or female looking for a mate.
Apalone ferox --- The average and maximum lifespan of Apalone ferox in the wild appears to be unknown.
Apalone spinifera --- Apalone spinifera females lay clutches along a sunny sandbar or gravel bank in a flask-shaped cavity that they dig close to water as quickly as possible (usually within an hour).
Apis mellifera --- Apis mellifera queens are the primary reproducers of the nest and all of the activities of the colony are centered around their reproductive behaviors and their survival.
Apis mellifera --- Apis mellifera queens usually live 2 to 3 years, but some have been known to last for 5 years.
Aplysia californica --- Aplysia californica is hermaphroditic.
Aplysia dactylomela --- Following their peak spawn and maximum size Aplysia dactylomela begins to lose weight and spawning declines, death soon follows.
Aplysia dactylomela --- Following their peak spawn and maximum size Aplysia dactylomela begins to lose weight and spawning declines, death soon follows. (Stancyk, 1979)
Aplysia dactylomela --- In laboratory conditions, Aplysia dactylomela has a single reproductive period characterized by repeated spawning.
Aplysia dactylomela --- Like all species of Aplysia, Aplysia dactylomela is hermaphroditic.
Aplysia dactylomela --- When mating, one Aplysia dactylomela, acting as a male will climb partially onto a second Aplysia dactylomela, acting as a female, insert the male genetalia and releasing sperm into the hermaphroditic duct of the second.
Aptenodytes patagonicus --- On arrival at a rookery, Aptenodytes patagonicus individuals use a variety of ways to attract a mate.
Aptenodytes patagonicus --- The lifespan of Aptenodytes patagonicus in the wild is not well known.
Apus apus --- A. apus typically include 30-40 nest sites, reflecting the gregarious nature of the common swift mating system. Apus apus is more likely to fight to defend a nesting site than it is to defend a mate.
Apus apus --- After the young hatch, it can take an additional 27-45 days before fledging occurs. ("Common Swift (Apus apus)", 2001; "Swifts", 2003; Bannerman, 1955; Johnson, 1992)
Apus apus --- Apus apus is more likely to fight to defend a nesting site than it is to defend a mate.
Apus apus --- Apus apus is typically long-lived.
Apus apus --- Apus apus usually first breeds at two years of age, but the age of the first breeding can vary based upon the availability of nesting sites.
Apus apus --- The longest living known individuals are: an alpine swift (Tachymarptis melba) of 26 years, a common swift (Apus apus) of 21 years, and a chimney swift (Chaetura pelagica) of 14 years. (Campbell and Lack, 1985; Chantler and Driessens, 2000; Chantler, 1999; Collins, 2001)
Aquila clanga --- After measuring the gestation period of the closely related species, lesser spotted eagles (Aquila pomarina), experts estimate the gestation period for Aquila clanga to be about six weeks.
Aquila pomarina --- After measuring the gestation period of the closely related species, lesser spotted eagles (Aquila pomarina), experts estimate the gestation period for Aquila clanga to be about six weeks.
Ara macao --- Breeding in Ara macao occurs about every one to two years.
Ara maracana --- The wild male is paired with a female Illiger's macaw (Ara maracana)- a bird of a different species.
Aramus guarauna --- Not much is known about the breeding habits of Aramus guarauna.
Araneus diadematus --- The internal reproductive organs of the Araneus diadematus resembles those of other arthopods.
Arapaima gigas --- Arapaima gigas is a mouth-brooder. (Lowe-McConnell 1987; Smith 1981, Luna and Froese, 2002) Arapaima gigas has been known to guard both the eggs and the offspring themselves.
Arapaima gigas --- Arapaima gigas lays it's eggs during the months of February, March, and April when the water levels are low.
Arapaima gigas --- Due to the geographic range that Arapaima gigas inhabits, the animal's life cycle is greatly affected by the seasonal flooding that occurs.
Aratinga nana --- Aratinga nana breed one time during the spring between April and May.
Archidoris montereyensis --- Egg laying in Archidoris montereyensis is triggered by a discrete set of neuroendocrine cells.
Archidoris montereyensis --- Fertilization occurs internally and in Archidoris montereyensis, the eggs are laid in rose-like masses that are typical of dorid nudibranchs.
Archidoris montereyensis --- Just like all other nudibranchs, Archidoris montereyensis is hermaphroditic, meaning that each specimen possesses both the male and the female sex organs.
Archidoris montereyensis --- The life span of Archidoris montereyensis is about 1 year, or perhaps a little longer(Wiens 1992, Jeffords 2000).
Architeuthis --- But the age at maturity of Architeuthis is not known with certanity.
Architeuthis --- Hypotheses are based on observations of the sexual characteristics in dead Architeuthis and from the knowledge of other squid Females produce enormous quantities of whitish to cream-colored eggs, about.5-1.4 mm long and.3-.7 mm wide, depending on the stage of their maturity.
Architeuthis --- Many of the specimens of Architeuthis that have been recovered have been mature, especially the females.
Architeuthis --- The reproduction of Architeuthis is not well known.
Arctocephalus australis --- In addition, an Uruguayan study showed a significant difference in pregnancy rates in Arctocephalus australis from year to year, indicating that both environmental and demographic stochasticity play a role in population dynamics.
Arctocephalus australis --- This phenomenon is unique for Arctocephalus australis among otariids.
Arctocephalus australis --- Uruguayan study showed a significant difference in pregnancy rates in Arctocephalus australis from year to year, indicating that both environmental and demographic stochasticity play a role in population dynamics.
Arctocephalus forsteri --- Arctocephalus forsteri females reach sexual maturity between 4 and 6 years of age, and males become sexually mature near 5-6 years old.
Arctocephalus pusillus --- The breeding season for both subspecies of Arctocephalus pusillus begins in the middle of October.
Arctocephalus townsendi --- Unlike most other seal species, the males of Arctocephalus townsendi occasionally observe their harems from the water.
Arctonyx collaris --- Not much is known about the lifespan of Arctonyx collaris in the wild.
Arctonyx collaris --- Not much is known about the reproductive behavior of Arctonyx collaris.
Argonauta nodosa --- Reproduction of the Argonauta nodosa is sexual, and fertilization is internal.
Argonauta nodosa --- The female Argonauta nodosa is only able to mate once in her lifetime, whereas the male is able to reproduce multiple times.
Argusianus argus --- Some gallinaceous birds may live for five to eight years (grouse) in the wild and others may survive up to 30 years in captivity (great argus (Argusianus argus)).
Argusianus argus --- Some gallinaceous birds may live for five to eight years (grouse) in the wild and others may survive up to 30 years in captivity (great argus (Argusianus argus)). (Campbell and Lack, 1985; Delacour and Amadon, 1973; Johnsgard, 1983)
Arion ater --- Although Arion ater are hermaphroditic, they do engage in cross-fertilization when a mate is available.
Armadillidium vulgare --- Armadillidium vulgare reproduce on land as opposed to in water.
Artemia salina --- Artemia salina eggs will only hatch if environmental conditions are right.
Artemia salina --- Parthenogenesis, or reproduction without fertilization, is also common among Artemia salina, particularly in Europe.
Arvicanthis niloticus --- Arvicanthis niloticus is capable of breeding year-round under highly favorable conditions.
Arvicola terrestris --- Arvicola terrestris undergoes one mating season per year, usually ranging from early spring (April/March) to late summer/early autumn (August/October).
Asellia tridens --- The mating system of Asellia tridens has yet to be studied in much detail.
Aspidogaster --- There have been no documented cases of Aspidogaster directly infecting a vertebrate host as a free egg or larva, while they have been found in the intestines of fish, so it is assumed that vertebrates are infected by ingestion of parasitized mollusks. Aspidobothreans are able to either self-fertilize or mate with another individual.
Aspidogaster --- There have been no documented cases of Aspidogaster directly infecting a vertebrate host as a free egg or larva, while they have been found in the intestines of fish, so it is assumed that vertebrates are infected by ingestion of parasitized mollusks. Aspidobothreans are able to either self-fertilize or mate with another individual. (Bakker and Davids, 1973; Huehner and Etges, 1977; Rohde, 1972; Rohde, 1998)
Aspidogaster conchicola --- Aspidogaster conchicola usually develops within mollusks, but is a facultative parasite of vertebrates, should their mollusk host be eaten.
Asterias rubens --- In Asterias rubens, the sexes are separate.
Asterias rubens --- The Asterias rubens is also capable of regenerating up to four arms that have been lost.
Asterias rubens --- These eggs develop into bipinnaria larvae in the Asterias rubens.
Asterias vulgaris --- During embryo development, the Asterias vulgaris forms a blastula, which in three days forms the larva with structures such as the gut, anus, and coelom. Populations of Asterias vulgaris have been found to be infected with the ciliate Orchitophrya stellarum.
Asterias vulgaris --- Populations of Asterias vulgaris have been found to be infected with the ciliate Orchitophrya stellarum.
Asterias vulgaris --- The breeding season of the Asterias vulgaris occurs in the spring.
Asterina gibbosa --- Female Asterina gibbosa deposit up to 1000 eggs in a specific location (usually underside stones) to the ground in the process of reproduction.
Asterina gibbosa --- In Asterina gibbosa, several males surround or congregate around one female during reproduction.
Asterina gibbosa --- In Asterina gibbosa, several males surround or congregate around one female during reproduction. (Grzmek, 1972; Nichols and Cooke, 1971; Skewes, 11/10/2002) There is no post-spawning parental investment.
Astronotus ocellatus --- Though they can become much larger, Astronotus ocellatus are sexually mature soon in life, usually by the time they are 12 cm long.
Atelerix albiventris --- Atelerix albiventris generally breeds once or twice a year.
Ateles geoffroyi --- Ateles geoffroyi does not appear to have a regular breeding season.
Ateles hybridus --- Similar to the other species of spider monkeys, Ateles hybridus is characterised by a slow reproductive rate, with females usually giving birth to a single offspring every 3 to 4 years.
Atherurus africanus --- African brush-tailed porcupine (Atherurus africanus) females are not aggressive toward males they are familiar with, but are very aggressive when meeting unfamiliar males.
Atherurus africanus --- Atherurus africanus has been documented to live up to 23 years of age.
Atherurus africanus --- In captivity, Atherurus africanus has been reported to live 23 years, Hystrix brachyura, 21.
Atherurus africanus --- No information was found concerning the gestation period of this species, but the related Atherurus africanus has a pregnancy that lasts 100 to 110 days.
Atherurus macrourus --- However, not much is known about the lifespan of Atherurus macrourus in the wild.
Atlides halesus --- After emerging from the pupae, Atlides halesus live for about 24 days.
Atlides halesus --- After female Atlides halesus lay their eggs it is up to the larvae to feed and protect themselves.
Atlides halesus --- Male Atlides halesus often return to the same treetop or hilltop for days at a time to await new mates. After female Atlides halesus lay their eggs it is up to the larvae to feed and protect themselves.
Atlides halesus --- Male Atlides halesus will wait on treetops or hilltops from noon to untill sundown (earlier on colder days) for a female to fly by.
Atriplex --- Young appear above ground at the peak of Atriplex growth, when this plant has its highest water content.
Atta sexdens --- Although no one has yet observed the complete Atta sexdens mating process, it is theorized that A. sexdens queens are polyandrous.
Atta sexdens --- Atta sexdens queens determine what amount of what worker castes to produce depending on the size of the colony and the age of the queen.
Atta sexdens --- Colonies of Atta sexdens have a success rate of approximately 2.5%, that is, only 2.5% of queens sent out to build new colonies actually succeed in doing so. Those colonies that do survive, as a whole, live about as long as their queens do, which is 10-15 years.
Atta sexdens --- Queens of Atta sexdens are the only females that mate.
Atta sexdens --- The eggs, larvae, and pupae of Atta sexdens are generally cared for by gardener-nurse caste workers, with some help from the within-nest specialists if the larvae or pupae are extremely large.
Aurelia aurita --- Aurelia aurita is known to reach sexual maturity in the spring and summer.
Aurelia aurita --- Only recently has Aurelia labiata been redefined as a species unique to its close relative Aurelia aurita, the saucer jelly.
Aurelia aurita --- Sexual maturity in Aurelia aurita commonly occurs in the spring and summer.
Aurelia labiata --- Aurelia labiata polyps usually strobilate early in spring, and the medusae mature very quickly, spawn, and die by midsummer or early fall.
Aurelia labiata --- Information on reproductive behavior or Aurelia labiata is not available at this time.
Aurelia labiata --- Only recently has Aurelia labiata been redefined as a species unique to its close relative Aurelia aurita, the saucer jelly.
Aurelia labiata --- The zygotes of Aurelia labiata, called planulae, are brooded on the jelly's manubrium.
Axis porcinus --- During the breeding season, male Axis porcinus are extremely aggressive, frequently challenging one another.
Axis porcinus --- Gestation lasts for approximately eight months, thus Axis porcinus births occur from May to July.
Axis porcinus --- It is not known how many males a female Axis porcinus will allow to mate with her during a given breeding season. Sexual maturity in Axis porcinus occurs at 8-12 months of age.
Aythya americana --- After that time they begin to spend less time defending the nesting area from predators, other canvasbacks, and Aythya americana.
B. albicauda --- The natural lifespan of B. albicauda is unknown.
B. albicauda --- Virtually nothing is known about the reproductive ecology of B. albicauda or its cousin B. villosa.
B. arnuxii --- Like all mammals, females B. arnuxii invest heavily in their young through gestation and lactation.
B. canorus --- B. canorus is a long living species.
B. fervidus --- Most B. fervidus do not live more than just a few months because of the toll that their work takes on their bodies.
B. gabbii --- Not much is known about longevity in B. gabbii.
B. gabii --- Breeding in B. gabii is reported to be aseasonal.
B. gaimardi --- As in other macropods, B. gaimardi embryos experience a pause in development between fertilization and implantation.
B. klaasi --- Male B. klaasi sometimes show an interesting post-mating behavior.
B. lesueur --- Mating in B. lesueur is polygynous, with males mating with several females and maintaining harems within their warrens.
B. lesueur --- There is little information on the lifespan of B. lesueur, but it is known to usually live three years in the wild.
B. torquatus --- Young B. torquatus weigh approximately 300 grams at birth and cling to the mother for the first 6 to 9 months of life.
B. villosa --- Virtually nothing is known about the reproductive ecology of B. albicauda or its cousin B. villosa.
Bacopa monniera --- Eggs are laid singly near or on the underside of leaves of the host plant Bacopa monniera.
Balaena mysticetus --- An individual Eubalaena glacialis was confirmed living to at least 67 years old and their close relatives, bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) have been confirmed living to nearly 200 years old.
Balaena mysticetus --- Balaena mysticetus has a remarkable lifespan.
Balaena mysticetus --- Balaena mysticetus may live more than 200 years. (Grzimek, 1990)
Balaena mysticetus --- For the most part it seems that females take care of the young, although there have been some cases of Balaena mysticetus travelling in groups of three: a mature male, a mature female, and a calf (Shelden and Rugh 1995).
Balaena mysticetus --- For the most part it seems that females take care of the young, although there have been some cases of Balaena mysticetus travelling in groups of three: a mature male, a mature female, and a calf (Shelden and Rugh 1995). (Shelden and Rugh, 1995)
Balaena mysticetus --- Males attract female Balaena mysticetus through songs.
Balaena mysticetus --- Mating in Balaena mysticetus usually occurs during late winter and early spring.
Balaena mysticetus --- One-hundred and sixteen-year-old fin whales (Balaenoptera physalus) have been reported from the wild and bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) may live up to 200 years. (Carey and Judge, 2002; George et al., 1999)
Balaena mysticetus --- The large testis size of some (such as bowhead whales, Balaena mysticetus) indicates sperm competition.
Balaena mysticetus --- There is little knowlege of diseases in Balaena mysticetus that would effect the average lifespan (Stover 2001).
Balaena mysticetus --- There is little knowlege of diseases in Balaena mysticetus that would effect the average lifespan (Stover 2001). (George et al., 1999; Stover, 2001)
Balaena mysticetus --- cetacea are especially long-lived; 116-year-old fin whales (Balaenoptera physalus) have been reported from the wild and bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) may live up to 200 years. (Carey and Judge, 2002; George et al., 1999)
Balaenoptera acutorostrata --- At least one species, the minke whale (Balaenoptera acutorostrata) regularly experiences a postpartum estrus.
Balaenoptera acutorostrata --- Minke whales (Balaenoptera acutorostrata) have a postpartum estrus.
Balaenoptera acutorostrata --- The milk of their close relatives, common minke whales (Balaenoptera acutorostrata), contains lactose and several other oligosaccharides, some of which have never been found in any other mammalian species.
Balaenoptera acutorostratus --- The generation time is estimated to be about 22 years. (Kasamatsu, Nishiwaki, and Ishikawa, 1995) Antarctic minke whales, like Balaenoptera acutorostratus, have a gestation period of 10 months, after which a single young is born at about 2.7 meters long.
Balaenoptera acutorostratus --- The generation time is estimated to be about 22 years. Antarctic minke whales, like Balaenoptera acutorostratus, have a gestation period of 10 months, after which a single young is born at about 2.7 meters long.
Balaenoptera bonaerensis --- Kasamatsu et al. (1995) found that minke whales (probably Balaenoptera bonaerensis) migrate far north but their main breeding areas are probably between 10&#186; and 20&#186; S.
Balaenoptera physalus --- Most species live for at least a decade in the wild, and captivity usually prolongs life expectancy by several years. cetacea are especially long-lived; 116-year-old fin whales (Balaenoptera physalus) have been reported from the wild and bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) may live up to 200 years.
Balaenoptera physalus --- One-hundred and sixteen-year-old fin whales (Balaenoptera physalus) have been reported from the wild and bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) may live up to 200 years.
Balaenoptera physalus --- One-hundred and sixteen-year-old fin whales (Balaenoptera physalus) have been reported from the wild and bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) may live up to 200 years. (Carey and Judge, 2002; George et al., 1999)
Balaenoptera physalus --- cetacea are especially long-lived; 116-year-old fin whales (Balaenoptera physalus) have been reported from the wild and bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) may live up to 200 years. (Carey and Judge, 2002; George et al., 1999)
Balistidae --- Polygyny is much more common than polyandry, and usually involves territorial males organized into harems (males breed exclusively with a group of females), as in numerous Cichlidae species and several families of reef fishes (Scaridae, Labridae and Pomacentridae, Malacanthidae, Acanthuridae and Balistidae). (Helfman, Collete, and Facey, 1997; Moyle and Cech, 2004)
Bartholomea annulata --- Bartholomea annulata exhibits a biannual reproductive cycle.
Bassariscus sumichrasti --- The lifespan of - Bassariscus sumichrasti -has not been studied in the wild, but captive animals are known to reach 23 years of age (Poglayen-Neuwall 1989).
Bathygobius soporator --- For instance, an ovarian pheromone produce by female Bathygobius soporator has been shown to elicit courtship in males, even if the female is not present.
Bathygobius soporator --- In fact, extensive research on Bathygobius soporator has revealed a complex suite of visual, chemical, auditory, and olfactory cues used in courting behavior.
Bathygobius soporator --- Male Bathygobius soporator have also been observed making a knocking sound to initiate courtship.
Bdeogale nigripes --- Bdeogale nigripes have 1 young per litter.
Berardius arnuxii --- Little is known about the mating and reproductive habits of Berardius arnuxii.
Berardius bairdii --- Berardius bairdii becomes sexually mature at about 8 to 10 years of age at lengths of 10 m for females and 9.5 m for males.
Berardius bairdii --- Berardius bairdii can live to be 84 years old in males and 54 years old in females.
Berardius bairdii --- Gestation periods are as short as four months in small Artiodactyla to as long as 17 months in Baird's beaked whales (Berardius bairdii), and youngsters are weaned between 2 1/2 and 24 months of age.
Berardius bairdii --- Most Berardius bairdii reach sexual maturity when they are about 9.4 meters long for males and 10 meters long for females.
Bettongia gaimardi --- Bettongia gaimardi is believed to be polygynous and to breed continuously, however, harsh environment conditions may limit breeding in the wild.
Bettongia gaimardi --- Bettongia gaimardi is believed to be polygynous and to breed continuously, however, harsh environment conditions may limit breeding in the wild. ("Parks and Wildlife Services Tasmania", 2003; "Parks and Wildlife Services Tasmania", 2004; "Tasmanian Bettong", 2003; Fisher, Owens, and Johnson, 2001; Rose, 1986; Rose, 1997)
Bettongia penicillata --- In Bettongia penicillata, bredding is continuous (Christensen 1983).
Bitis nasicornis --- Bitis nasicornis is a viviparous animal, giving birth to 6-35 young, at the start of the rainy season, (March - April).
Blarina hylophaga --- Blarina hylophaga is usually solitary, but individuals come together from early spring to early autumn in order to reproduce.
Blatta orientalis --- The female of the species Blatta orientalis produces from one to eighteen red/brown egg cases during her life: about one case per month.
Bolbometopon muricatum --- Subsequently, the largest scarid, Bolbometopon muricatum, is the one exception to the 20 year maximum age. (Choat and Robertson, 2002; Choat and Bellwood, 1998)
Bolomys lasiurus --- Although Bolomys lasiurus is fairly well studied, the lifespan of this mouse is unknown.
Bombina orientalis --- Bombina orientalis can live up to a maximum of 30 years in captivity.
Bombina orientalis --- Bombina orientalis larvae hatch 3 to 10 days after egg laying.
Bombus fervidus --- Bombus fervidus queens care for their first brood themselves, while later generations are cared for by workers.
Bombycilla cedrorum --- This species breeds later than most birds, even later than their close relatives, cedar waxwings (Bombycilla cedrorum).
Bombyx mori --- Bombyx mori are holometabolous and reproduce sexually.
Bombyx mori --- Bombyx mori produce a fluid in their silk glands that is forces through spinnerets on their mouths.
Bombyx mori --- Bombyx mori spend 2 weeks as pupae in the safety of their cocoons before emerging as adults (Encarta 1998).
Bonasa umbellus --- This species is also known to lay eggs in the nests of Bonasa umbellus.
Bos frontalis --- Though lifespan has not been studied in the wild, one captive Bos frontalis lived to be 26 years of age (Nowak 1999).
Bos grunniens --- In the wild, the maximum lifespan of Bos grunniens is limited to about 25 years.
Bos grunniens --- Most of the parental care of young is done by the female due to the nature of wild female and male Bos grunniens to spend the majority of the year in separate groups (Buchholtz, 1990).
Bos grunniens --- The mating season for Bos grunniens starts in September, with births usually occuring in June (Buchholtz, 1990). In the wild, the female Bos grunniens have one calf every other year.
Bos taurus --- Young Bos taurus are preocial, they learn to recognize their mother and are able to stand and walk soon after birth.
Brachypelma klaasi --- The female Brachypelma klaasi lays a single egg sac containing 400 to 800 eggs in her burrow in April to May, immediately before the first rains of the season.
Brachyphylla cavernarum --- Brachyphylla cavernarum reproduces sexually.
Bradypus tridactylus --- Bradypus tridactylus mates high in the safety of the trees.
Brychius hungerfordi --- In the spring and early summer months, Brychius hungerfordi probably lays eggs on filamentous algae and aquatic plants.
Bubalus mindorensis --- Bubalus mindorensis breeds during the dry season, from December to May.
Bubalus quarlesi --- Although Bubalus quarlesi are usually solitary animals, they will form a herd when cows are about to give birth.
Bubo virginianus --- Predation by great horned owls (Bubo virginianus) leads to deaths as well.
Bufo boreas --- Bufo canorus have been known to hybridize with Bufo boreas in the northern parts of their range.
Bufo canorus --- Breeding season of Bufo canorus begins in May, when the ice melts and forms shallow pools, and continues until mid August.
Bufo canorus --- Bufo canorus have been known to hybridize with Bufo boreas in the northern parts of their range.
Bufo fowleri --- Bufo fowleri is known to reproduce in warmer seasons of the year, usually between the months of May and June.
Bufo fowleri --- In one growing season, Bufo fowleri may grow to sexual maturity, but slower growing individuals may take up to three years before they reach their sexual peak.
Bufo fowleri --- Breeding habits of Bufo fowleri are very similar to Bufo americanus.
Buteo buteo --- Pairs sometimes find nests on the ground or use deserted nests of other larger bird species (such as Buteo buteo (common buzzard) or Pica pica (black-billed magpie)), which can be located in trees or on high ledges.
Pica pica --- Pairs sometimes find nests on the ground or use deserted nests of other larger bird species (such as Buteo buteo (common buzzard) or Pica pica (black-billed magpie)), which can be located in trees or on high ledges.
Bufo americanus --- Breeding habits of Bufo fowleri are very similar to Bufo americanus.
Bufo marinus --- Bufo marinus is a relatively long-lived toad, reaching ages up to ten years (Cogger 1983).
Bufo marinus --- Bufo marinus is able to reproduce nearly year round.
Bufo terrestris --- As is the case of closely related Bufo fowleri, Bufo terrestris will never breed in creeks or rivers.
Bufo terrestris --- Bufo terrestris spends 30-55 days as a tadpole before metamorphasing upon attaining a length between 6.5-11mm (Wright 1949).
Bunolagus monticularis --- Bunolagus monticularis has never been kept in captivity.
Bunolagus monticularis --- Bunolagus monticularis is one of the rarest mammals in the world and very little is known about its reproductive behavior other than it has a polygynous mating system.
Bunolagus monticularis --- Bunolagus monticularis is the only African rabbit that prepares an underground shelter for its young.
Bunolagus monticularis --- Little is known about the life cycle of Bunolagus monticularis.
Burramys parvus --- Burramys parvus females are polyestrous but limited to one litter per year by the need to store fat reserves for hibernation.
Burramys parvus --- Burramys parvus follows a low fecundity, high longevity life strategy.
Burramys parvus --- From September through December, Burramys parvus is in an active season of breeding.
Burramys parvus --- In response to fat reserve limitations, Burramys parvus synchronizes its reproduction with spring, when nutrient rich Bogong moths are abundant.
Burramys parvus --- Only 50% of the reproducing young will survive, due to the inability of younger Burramys parvus to maintain fat reserves for hibernation (Mansergh et al.
Burramys parvus --- The inactive season, from May-September, is hibernation season for Burramys parvus.
Buteo --- Both the incubation and fledging periods are longer than other Buteo species.
Buteo brachyurus --- Buteo brachyurus normally lays two eggs, although clutch size varies from one to three eggs.
Buteo lagopus --- Both male and female Buteo lagopus provide for and protect their young from the time the eggs are laid until the young hawks are independent (55 to 70 days post-hatching).
Buteo lagopus --- Buteo lagopus will usually migrate solo (very uncommon to fly in groups) and find a mate once they have reached their destination.
Butorides striata --- However, in the closely related Butorides striata, hatching is asynchronous and may take 3 to 4 days.
Butorides striata --- While information regarding longevity of lava herons is scarce, the oldest known wild individuals from the same genus are recorded at 7.9 years for Butorides striata and 11.6 years Butorides virescens.
Butorides virescens --- While information regarding longevity of lava herons is scarce, the oldest known wild individuals from the same genus are recorded at 7.9 years for Butorides striata and 11.6 years Butorides virescens.
Bycanistes subcylindricus --- Bycanistes subcylindricus individuals commonly nest in naturally formed cavities 9 to 30 m high in large (&gt;3 m circumference) rainforest trees.
Bycanistes subcylindricus --- Bycanistes subcylindricus individuals commonly nest in naturally formed cavities 9 to 30 m high in large (>3 m circumference) rainforest trees.
C. Walie --- The typical mating system in C. Walie is polygyny, with dominant males siring a disproportionate amount of offspring during the breeding season.
C. alba --- The breeding season of C. alba is dependent on the weather.
C. apella --- Typical longevity in the wild is unknown, but captive C. apella may live to 45 years old.
C. ascanius --- It is likely that C. ascanius is similar to other members of the genus in lifespan.
C. auritus --- It is not known how long C. auritus live in the wild or in captivity.
C. auritus --- It is thought that C. auritus take care of their young until they are able to survive on their own.
C. baileyi --- It is likely that C. baileyi is similar, and that the young become independent of the mother shortly after this age.
C. bailwardi --- A captive female C. bailwardi ate its young.
C. bailwardi --- The only studies done on C. bailwardi have been in captivity, so the lifespan in the wild is not known.
C. brachyotis --- Reproduction in C. brachyotis is timed so that lactation corresponds with the peak of the rainy season--which is the fruiting season.
C. brevicaudata --- Since C. lanigera and C. brevicaudata are closely related, one may infer that the estrus cycles are similar.
C. brevis --- The female C. brevis lays her eggs in an underground burrow or den.
C. californicus --- C. californicus typically produce one litter a year (occasionally two) between April and July.
C. calvus --- The lifespan of the closely related species C. calvus in the wild is about twenty years, which is a likely estimate in age for C. melanocephalus based on the many genetic and environmental similarities between these species (which suggest a similar life history as well as similar sources of extraneous mortality). (Lindenfors, 2002)
C. caracal --- One hypothesis to explain the breeding habits of C. caracal is the &#8220;use&#8221; of an opportunistic strategy.
C. caurinus --- A female C. caurinus typically lays 3 to 6 eggs per breeding season, laying one egg a day, almost always before 8:00 AM.
C. caurinus --- After the eggs have hatched, female C. caurinus begin feeding the hatchlings.
C. centralis --- No information could be found on the lifespan of C. tatouay, however, a specimen of the closely related C. unicinctus lived seven and a half years in captivity and a C. centralis specimen lived eight years in captivity. (Weigl, 2005)
C. cephus --- However, one known wild born C. cephus female lived in captivity for 31 years and it is estimated that it was as old as 36 years.
C. cephus --- Little is documented about the parental investment of C. cephus, but close relatives of moustached guenons produce young that are relatively well developed at birth with open eyes and the means to support their own weight and embrace their mother.
C. chinga --- The breedings season for C. chinga is generally in late February.
C. concoveri --- It is likely that C. concoveri is similar.
C. concoveri --- The condition of C. concoveri at birth has not been reported.
C. conepatus --- It is reasonable to assume that C. conepatus is similar.
C. conoveri --- Female C. conoveri are monoestrus, bearing one litter per year.
C. cornuta --- Little is know about the lifespan of C. cornuta in the wild, but in captivity they have fairly long lives.
C. crocodilus --- Melanosuchus niger - pods were found to occur in areas of deeper water than -C. crocodilus-, implying choice of nesting sites in lower-lying areas (Britton 1999, Da Silveira et al 1997, Herron 1990, Thorbjarnarson 1998).
C. diabolis --- The lifespan of C. diabolis is between 6 and 12 months.
C. falconeri --- Like most ungulates, C. falconeri does not mate monogamously.
C. falconeri --- The lifespan of C. falconeri ranges from 11 to 13 years.
C. fallax --- However, a congener, C. fallax, was reported to have lived an amazing 8 years and 4 months in captivity--an impressive lifespan for such a small rodent.
C. fallax --- In captivity, without the presence of predators, C. fallax can live up to 6 years.
C. fallax --- The gestation period for C. fallax is about 24 to 26 days.
C. fuliginosus --- Information does not exist on the lifespan of C. fuliginosus, partly because of the inaccessible and rugged habitat in which they live.
C. guereza --- The lifespan of C. guereza is similar, throught to be about 29 years in captivity and about 20 years in the wild.
C. h. atricaudatus --- Females are mature at snout to vent lengths of over 100 cm in C. h. atricaudatus and 67 to 90 cm in C. h. horridus. (Ernst and Ernst, 2003)
C. h. horridus --- Females are mature at snout to vent lengths of over 100 cm in C. h. atricaudatus and 67 to 90 cm in C. h. horridus. (Ernst and Ernst, 2003)
C. hircus --- Humans control the lifespan of a C. hircus generally, however predation still occurs under human control.
C. hircus --- Mothers of C. hircus nurse their young for 10 months after birth.
C. hispidus --- There is little information available about the parental care habits of C. hispidus.
C. kuhlii --- The dominant female of a group of C. kuhlii mates with several males.
C. l. dingo --- Pups of C. l. dingo first venture from the natal den at three weeks of age.
C. lanigera --- Since C. lanigera and C. brevicaudata are closely related, one may infer that the estrus cycles are similar.
C. leucodon --- The breeding season for C. leucodon runs from March to September with 2 to 4 litters being produced during that time.
C. ludovicianus --- Female C. ludovicianus who mate do not always produce litters.
C. melanocephalus --- The lifespan of the closely related species C. calvus in the wild is about twenty years, which is a likely estimate in age for C. melanocephalus based on the many genetic and environmental similarities between these species (which suggest a similar life history as well as similar sources of extraneous mortality). (Lindenfors, 2002)
C. neglectus --- The longevity of C. neglectus has not been reported, but other species within the genus Cercopithecus have been reported to live in excess of 30 years in captivity.
C. parva --- Little is known of the reproductive behavior of C. parva.
C. parva --- One captive C. parva lived for 21 months.
C. pearsoni --- Since this ability to identify pups is not used to determine which pups the mother is willing to care for, it most likely developed as a strategy to counter the extremely territorial and aggressive nature of C. pearsoni females.
C. pearsoni --- The lifespan of C. pearsoni is unknown.
C. perlatus --- Once C. perlatus have found shells, they live on land the rest of their lives.
C. philander --- The mating system of C. philander is little understood.
C. rudis --- Sex ratios in C. rudis are biased, with about 79% males, which promotes this helper behavior.
C. satanus --- All other reproduction information for C. satanus is based on observations of a hybrid born to a female Chiropotes albinasus and a male C. satanas in captivity.
C. schadenbergi --- There is little information available on the life span of C. schadenbergi, although it was noted that one animal lived in captivity for four years and three months.
C. schadenbergi --- There is little information on parental care in C. schadenbergi.
C. sclateri --- Little is known about parental investment in C. sclateri.
C. sibirica --- The timing of mating seasons for C. sibirica varies between mountain ranges and is significantly affected by weather conditions.
C. sordidulus --- Although information on the exact life expectancy of C. sordidulus is unavailable, Contopus virens, which are very similar to western wood-pewee groups, have a life expectancy of about 7 years.
C. talarum --- Captive C. talarum has an average gestation period of 102 days and a mean litter size of 5 offspring, with a range of between 1 and 7 individuals. (Redford and Eisenberg, 1992)
C. tarsalis --- In general, C. tarsalis will breed in water in any sunny location, and will tolerate a wide range of water conditions.
C. tatouay --- No information could be found on the lifespan of C. tatouay, however, a specimen of the closely related C. unicinctus lived seven and a half years in captivity and a C. centralis specimen lived eight years in captivity. (Weigl, 2005)
C. tatouay --- There is currently no information available on the parental investment given by C. tatouay, or of related species.
C. taurinus --- Like C. taurinus, 80-90% of all calves are dropped within the three week birth peak.
C. unicinctus --- No information could be found on the lifespan of C. tatouay, however, a specimen of the closely related C. unicinctus lived seven and a half years in captivity and a C. centralis specimen lived eight years in captivity. (Weigl, 2005)
C. xanthosternos --- Though the longest lifespan for C. xanthosternos has not been documented, a similar species, Cebus apella, can live as long as 45 years in captivity. ("Tufted or Brown Capuchin-Cebus Apella", 2009; "Yellow-breasted Capuchin", 2008)
Cabassous centralis --- Not much research has been done specifically on the reproduction patterns of Cabassous centralis.
Cabassous tatouay --- Cabassous tatouay gives birth to one offspring per year.
Cacajao calvus --- However, the lack of the major markers of sexual dimorphism such as large male canine size, the presence of sagittal or nuchal crests, or flamboyant colorings suggests that this species is largely monogamous, as is its sister taxon Cacajao calvus.
Cacajao calvus --- However, the lack of the major markers of sexual dimorphism such as large male canine size, the presence of sagittal or nuchal crests, or flamboyant colorings suggests that this species is largely monogamous, as is its sister taxon Cacajao calvus. Breeding appears to be seasonal, as young infants and lactating females have been observed only in the months of March and April, corresponding with the setting of fruit in igapo forests.
Cacatua alba --- Cacatua alba can live over 40 years in captivity and 30 years in the wild.
Cacatua alba --- Cacatua alba chicks are born altrical and are completely dependent upon their parents.
Cacatua galerita --- Both male and female Cacatua galerita reach reproductive maturity around the age of 3 to 4 years.
Cacatua galerita --- Both male and female Cacatua galerita reach reproductive maturity around the age of 3 to 4 years. (Cambridge University Press, 1991; Equinox, 1985; Forshaw, 2002)
Caenorhabditis elegans --- Caenorhabditis elegans have two naturally occurring sexes, a male and a self-fertilizing hermaphrodite; females do not naturally occur.
Caenorhabditis elegans --- Images of Caenorhabditis elegans and sperm: http://www.mcb.arizona.edu/Wardlab/gallery.html (Muhlrad 1998)
Caenorhabditis elegans --- Temperature plays a major role in the development of Caenorhabditis elegans.
Calcarius pictus --- Smith&#8217;s longspurs (Calcarius pictus) are polygynandrous (promiscuous, males and females have multiple mates).
Callicebus cupreus --- There is little information available on the lifespan of Callicebus cupreus.
Callicebus moloch --- A related species, Callicebus moloch, has a life span of 25 years. (Johnson, 1996)
Callicebus personatus --- Little information on reproduction in Callicebus personatus is available.
Callicebus personatus --- Longevity of Callicebus personatus is unknown in the wild.
Callimico goeldii --- Callimico goeldii are the exception, with multiple breeding females present in social groups.
Callimico goeldii --- Female Callimico goeldii normally give birth to single offspring.
Callimico goeldii --- Marmosets and lion tamarins share infant care among all group members and Callimico goeldii females carry their young until about the second week of life, when all group members begin to help.
Callimico goeldii --- The exception to this pattern are Callimico goeldii, which give birth to a single young during the wet season, although births may occur year-round in captivity.
Callithrix --- Lifespan in the genus Callithrix seems to be about 10 years in the wild and up to 16 years in captivity (Nowak, 1991).
Callithrix aurita --- Most Callithrix aurita give birth to two young during spring each year.
Callithrix chrysoleuca --- All four mating systems can be found in one social group of Callithrix chrysoleuca.
Callithrix jacchus --- Some species (e.g. Callithrix jacchus and Panthera leo) display cooperative breeding, in which groups of females, and sometimes males, share the care of young from one or more females.
Calloplesiops altivelis --- Male Calloplesiops altivelis protect the egg mass until hatching.
Callosciurus erythraeus --- Callosciurus erythraeus are sexually promiscuous.
Callosciurus erythraeus --- However, Callosciurus erythraeus lived 17 years in captivity.
Callosciurus notatus --- Tamura et al. (1993) note that Callosciurus notatus, in contrast, only uses the call for 0.5-8.0 minutes. (Tamura, 1993; Vaughan, Ryan, and Czaplewski, 2000) Callosciurus notatus breeds year round, but pregnant females were found more often in the months of April-June and least often in October-December.
Callosciurus prevosti --- Callosciurus typically gestate for 40 days and infants weigh about 16 g. The close relative, Callosciurus prevosti reproduces after they are a year old and can have up to 3 litters per year.
Callosciurus prevostii --- Reports on parental care in Callosciurus prevostii are not available.
Calloscriurus caniceps --- Malaysian tree squirrel species, Calloscriurus caniceps, imitates predator calls to stop movements of the female and other males after copulation.
Calloscriurus caniceps --- Vaughan et al. (2000) suggest a related Malaysian tree squirrel species, Calloscriurus caniceps, imitates predator calls to stop movements of the female and other males after copulation.
Caloprymnus campestris --- Caloprymnus campestris females reach sexual maturity at approximately 11 months, while males reach maturity about 2 months later.
Caloprymnus campestris --- Note: Due to indeterminate status (see Conservation and Biodiversity section), some reproductive characters were determined by comparing Caloprymnus campestris to the Rufous Rat kangaroos and other "rat" kangaroos, rather than by direct observation (Ganslosser, 1988).
Calosoma sycophanta --- Calosoma sycophanta females lay eggs in the spring.
Caluromys derbianus --- Caluromys derbianus reaches sexual maturity at seven to nine months and has been reported to live in excess of five years in captivity. Bucher and Hoffman (1980); Dawson (1983)
Caluromys derbianus --- Litter size for Caluromys derbianus is usually three or four, although it may be as high as six.
Caluromys philander --- Caluromys philander breeds several times each year, depending on resource availability and local conditions.
Caluromys philander --- Closely related, Caluromys philander individuals have been known to live up to 5 years in captivity and 41 months in the wild.
Calypte anna --- During this season Calypte anna can have two broods.
Calypte anna --- However, by fall most young Calypte anna separate and maintain their own territory.
Calypte anna --- Interestingly, immature Calypte anna start to show territorial behavior when they are quite young.
Calypte anna --- Male and female Calypte anna only come together to mate.
Calypte costae --- The breeding season of Calypte costae varies with latitude and habitat, but always takes place between the months of January and May.
Calyptomena viridis --- Male green broadbills (Calyptomena viridis) have a spinning display; others have displays that involve head bobbing, wing flapping and feather fluffing.
Camelus bactrianus --- Camelus bactrianus may live up to 50 years.
Camelus bactrianus --- Young Camelus bactrianus are precocial, being able to stand and run soon after birth.
Camelus dromedarius --- Camelus dromedarius have a lifespan of about 40-50 years (Busch Gardens 1996).
Cancer irroratus --- Cancer irroratus reproduction occurs in the autumn.
Canis lupus --- Canis lupus familiaris and occasionally with Canis lupus.
Canis lupus --- Gray wolves (Canis lupus), on the other hand, are monogamous cooperative breeders; the dominant male and female of each pack breed and all members of the pack help raise their offspring.
Canis lupus familiaris --- In feral Canis lupus familiaris packs, puppies are cared for by all members of the pack.
Canis lupus familiaris --- Longevity in Canis lupus familiaris depends on the care they receive, their breed, and body size.
Canis lupus familiaris --- Reproduction in Canis lupus familiaris is generally manipulated by humans.
Canis lupus familiaris --- Some feral Canis lupus familiaris populations have reverted to ancestral habits where a single male and female pair (the alpha animals) dominate mating in a small, family group, or pack.
Canis lupus --- Coyotes hybridize with Canis lupus familiaris and occasionally with Canis lupus.
Canis lupus familiaris --- Coyotes hybridize with Canis lupus familiaris and occasionally with Canis lupus.
Canis simensis --- Data on life expectancy is inadequate, but Canis simensis is likely to live 8-9 years in the wild (Macdonald 1984).
Cannomys badius --- Female Cannomys badius can bear one to five young per birth (Grzimek, 1990).
Canorus --- Yosemite toads for songs of spring birds. Canorus means "tuneful" in Latin.
Capra falconeri --- Capra falconeri breeds annually, with the rut occurring in the autumn and winter months.
Capra ibex --- Capra ibex, a related species, has been reported to live 10 to 16 years in the wild.
Capra ibex --- Capra ibex, a related species, has been reported to live 10 to 16 years in the wild. (Jordan, 1969; Mendelssohn, 1990)
Capra nubiana --- The oldest known individual of Capra nubiana lived 17 years in captivity.
Capra pyrenaica --- The gestation period of Capra pyrenaica is 161-168 days.
Capra walie --- Capra walie individuals reach sexual maturity at the age of one (Massicot, 2001).
Capra walie --- Capra walie is distinguished from other ibex species in its ability to breed at all times of the year.
Caprimulgus carolinensis --- There is some competition with related species, such as Caprimulgus carolinensis for territorial space and for food that might impact their longevity.
Caprimulgus carolinensis --- There is some competition with related species, such as Caprimulgus carolinensis for territorial space and for food that might impact their longevity. (Cink, 2002)
Caprimulgus vociferus --- Caprimulgus vociferus is thought to be monogamous.
Caprimulgus vociferus --- There is no information on how long nestlings or fledglings are dependent on parents, but estimates based on whippoorwills (Caprimulgus vociferus) and nighthawks (Chordeiles minor) suggest young are dependent on parents for about 50 days after hatching.
Capromys pilorides --- Capromys pilorides, another capromyid found in Cuba, gives birth to fully furred offspring after 110 to 140 days. ("Hutias (Capromyidae)", 2003; Anderson et al., 1983)
Caracal caracal --- Reliable longevity data for wild Caracal caracal individuals has not been reported.
Caracara cheriway --- Some of the oldest known falconids include a crested caracara (Caracara cheriway) and a peregrine falcon (Falco peregrinus), both of which lived to 22 years old.
Caracara cheriway --- Some of the oldest known falconids include a crested caracara (Caracara cheriway) and a peregrine falcon (Falco peregrinus), both of which lived to 22 years old. ("Falcons and Caracaras (Falconidae)", 2002; Snyder, 2001)
Carcharhinus amblyrhynchos --- Carcharhinus amblyrhynchos mate through internal fertilization.
Carcharhinus amblyrhynchos --- Gray reef sharks mature at 7-7.5 years of age. (Compagno, 1984; Murphy, 1993) Carcharhinus amblyrhynchos females nourish their offspring while they are still inside them, but once the babies are born they are left to feed and protect themselves. (Compagno, 1984)
Cardiocranius paradoxus --- Other than this, little is known about the parental investment of Cardiocranius paradoxus.
Cardiocranius paradoxus --- The lifespan of Cardiocranius paradoxus is currently not known and further data are needed on the subject.
Cardiocranius paradoxus --- This is most likely due to the fact that Cardiocranius paradoxus is a rare species, living in isolated areas, and difficult to study.
Cardisoma guanhumi --- Albeit biologists admonish against extrapolating laboratory findings to a species' actual environment, I have given some rough estimates of lifespan below based on given data regarding the lifespans of Cardisoma guanhumi and other land crabs.
Cardisoma guanhumi --- Albeit biologists admonish against extrapolating laboratory findings to a species' actual environment, I have given some rough estimates of lifespan below based on given data regarding the lifespans of Cardisoma guanhumi and other land crabs. (Burggren and McMahon, 1988)
Cardisoma guanhumi --- Cardisoma guanhumi reaches sexual maturity at roughly four years of age.
Cardisoma guanhumi --- From this, it is probable that Cardisoma guanhumi has a relatively longer lifespan than other land crabs, as it grows more slowly and molts three times as much (averaging 60 molts per lifetime as opposed to 20).
Cardisoma guanhumi --- In fact, the largest female Cardisoma guanhumi kept in captivity lived 13 years.
Cardisoma guanhumi --- In spite of its evolution toward terrestriality, Cardisoma guanhumi is still heavily dependent on the ocean for at least part of the life.
Cardisoma guanhumi --- In spite of its evolution toward terrestriality, Cardisoma guanhumi is still heavily dependent on the ocean for at least part of the life. (Burggren and McMahon, 1988; Hill, 2001)
Cardisoma guanhumi --- Unfortunately, there is not much further data available regarding the lifespan of Cardisoma guanhumi.
Caretta caretta --- Not much is known about the lifespan of Caretta caretta.
Caretta caretta --- Peak mating season for Caretta caretta occurs in the early summer months.
Carettochelys insculpta --- Another interesting fact about Carettochelys insculpta is that the offspring are temperature sex determined, with females developing in hot nest and males developing in cool nest.
Carettochelys insculpta --- Carettochelys insculpta is known to nest through the season of September through November.
Carettochelys insculpta --- Its nesting habits also seem to resemble some marine turtles in that Carettochelys insculpta is a evening and night nester.
Carpodacus mexicanus --- Carpodacus mexicanus are known to live up to 11 years and 7 months in the wild, though most probably live much shorter lives.
Castor fiber --- Castor fiber reaches sexual maturity in 2.5 to 3 years.
Casuarius bennetti --- Little is known about the mating system of Casuarius bennetti.
Casuarius casuarius --- However, more research has been completed on a related species, Casuarius casuarius, commonly known as southern cassowaries.
Cebus --- Infant care is not restricted to the maternal female in Cebus albifrons.
Cebus albifrons --- As in other Cebus species, Cebus albifrons does not appear to have a breeding season, though most births may coincide with the dry season (Nowak, 1991).
Cebus albifrons --- Cebus albifrons gives birth to a single young every 1 to 2 years, with a gestation period of about 150 to 160 days.
Cebus albifrons --- Infant care is not restricted to the maternal female in Cebus albifrons.
Cebus apella --- Although the mating system of Cebus xanthosternos is not well known, it is assumed to be similar to the closely related species, Cebus apella.
Cebus apella --- Because the mating system of Cebus xanthosternos is likely to be a promiscuous multimale and multifemale system (based on the species&#8217; presumed reproductive similarity to Cebus apella), the paternity of offspring may not always be known.
Cebus apella --- Cebus apella does not appear to have a breeding season, though most births may occur during the dry season or early rainy season.
Cebus apella --- Cebus apella has a polygamous mating system.
Cebus apella --- Cebus apella has a promiscuous multimale-multifemale mating system.
Cebus apella --- In Cebus apella, mating rituals consist of performances in which the female stares at the male and raises her eyebrows.
Cebus apella --- Though the longest lifespan for C. xanthosternos has not been documented, a similar species, Cebus apella, can live as long as 45 years in captivity. ("Tufted or Brown Capuchin-Cebus Apella", 2009; "Yellow-breasted Capuchin", 2008)
Cebus apella --- While young females of the genus Cebus tend to stay within their mother&#8217;s group as they age, males usually leave their birth group to join a new one around 2 to 4 years old. ("Capuchins (Subfamily Cebinae)", 1990; Campbell et al., 2007; Kenneth, 2004; Nowak, 1991)
Cebus xanthosternos --- Although the mating system of Cebus xanthosternos is not well known, it is assumed to be similar to the closely related species, Cebus apella.
Cebus xanthosternos --- Because the mating system of Cebus xanthosternos is likely to be a promiscuous multimale and multifemale system (based on the species&#8217; presumed reproductive similarity to Cebus apella), the paternity of offspring may not always be known.
Cebus xanthosternos --- Cebus xanthosternos females reach sexual maturity around 4 to 5 years of age, but they may not give birth until they are around 7 or 8 years old.
Cebus xanthosternos --- Parental investment of Cebus xanthosternos has not been studied.
Cebus xanthosternos --- The lifespan of Cebus xanthosternos in the wild is not known.
Cebus xanthosternos --- The lifespan of Cebus xanthosternos in the wild is not known. In captivity, the species is expected to live longer than 30 years.
Cebus xanthosternos --- While young females of the genus Cebus tend to stay within their mother&#8217;s group as they age, males usually leave their birth group to join a new one around 2 to 4 years old. ("Capuchins (Subfamily Cebinae)", 1990; Campbell et al., 2007; Kenneth, 2004; Nowak, 1991) Because the mating system of Cebus xanthosternos is likely to be a promiscuous multimale and multifemale system (based on the species&#8217; presumed reproductive similarity to Cebus apella), the paternity of offspring may not always be known.
Cediopsylla simplex --- The reproductive behavior of Cediopsylla simplex has earned it much attention from the research community.
Celtis timorensis --- This species is highly selective in the choice of tree species used for nesting, studies of the golf course colony have shown that Terminalia catappa and Celtis timorensis are the preferred species of nesting tree comprising 65.5% of the trees chosen.
Centrostephanus coronatus --- Juveniles hide in the spines of Centrostephanus coronatus.
Cepalophus niger --- Anecdotal evidence would indicate that Chinese muntjacs, which are described as a duiker-like (for example, Cepalophus niger) organism due to its rapid development and its generalist tendencies, would probably have a similar life expectancy: 10 to 12 years.
Cephalophus niger --- The lifespan of Cephalophus niger is between 10 and 12 years.
Cephalophus niger --- There does not seem to be a restricted breeding season in Cephalophus niger.
Cephalorhynchus commersonii --- From hormone data and observations of preganancy and mating, gestation is though to be approximately 12 months (Goodall et al, 1988a). It has also been noted that unlike most delphinids, some female Cephalorhynchus commersonii have more ovulations from the right than the left ovary (Collet and Robineau, 1988). Commerson's dolphins exhibit sexual dimorphism.
Cephalorhynchus commersonii --- Although longevity has not been determined in Chilean dolphins, the related species, Cephalorhynchus commersonii and Cephalorhynchus hectori have a lifespan of up to 20 years. (Brownell and Donovan, 1988)
Cephalorhynchus hectori --- Although longevity has not been determined in Chilean dolphins, the related species, Cephalorhynchus commersonii and Cephalorhynchus hectori have a lifespan of up to 20 years. (Brownell and Donovan, 1988)
Cephalorhynchus heavisidii --- There is limited data on the reproduction of Cephalorhynchus heavisidii.
Cephalorhynchus hectori --- Cephalorhynchus commersonii and Cephalorhynchus hectori have a lifespan of up to 20 years.
Cercartetus caudatus --- The gestation period of Cercartetus caudatus is unknown, but young leave the pouch when they are about 45 days old and weigh between 5 and 7 grams.
Cercartetus lepidus --- Cercartetus lepidus reaches maturity at about 3 months (Green, 1983). Male Cercartetus lepidus have been found with regressed testes and testes that are smaller than normal, suggesting that males may not be reproductively active throughout the year (Ward, 1992).
Cercartetus lepidus --- Female Cercartetus lepidus have four teats in their pouch, which limits their litter size to four.
Cercartetus lepidus --- Male Cercartetus lepidus have been found with regressed testes and testes that are smaller than normal, suggesting that males may not be reproductively active throughout the year (Ward, 1992).
Cercartetus nanus --- Like most marsupials, Cercartetus nanus has young that are altricial at birth.
Cercopithecus ascanius --- Cercopithecus ascanius displays a polygynous-promiscuous mating system (Cords et al.
Cercopithecus ascanius --- Cercopithecus ascanius displays a polygynous-promiscuous mating system (Cords et al., 1984).
Cercopithecus hamlyni --- The birth season for Cercopithecus hamlyni is from May to October.
Cercopithecus sclateri --- Cercopithecus sclateri is not known from captivity (one animal at Port Harcourt Zoo, Nigeria) and no ages from the wild have been reported.
Cerdocyon thous --- At birth, Cerdocyon thous pups weigh between 120 and 160 grams.
Cerdocyon thous --- Breeding in Cerdocyon thous takes place throughout the year, but peaks November or December (Canid Specialist Group, 1998).
Cerdocyon thous --- Raised leg urination (in both sexes) is indicative of sexual maturity in Cerdocyon thous (Berta,1982; Medel, 1988).
Cerdocyon thous --- The gestation period of Cerdocyon thous averages 56 days, leading to a peak of births in January and February (Nowak, 1999).
Cerianthus lloydii --- Cerianthus lloydii can also reproduce asexually by means of budding off.
Cerianthus lloydii --- The fertilized eggs of Cerianthus lloydii usually develop into planula larva, that settle and develop into polyps.
Cervus alfredi --- Information on the parental care of Cervus alfredi is not available.
Cervus elaphus --- It occurs in species as different as elk (Cervus elaphus) and killer whales (Orcinus orca).
Cervus eldii --- Cervus eldii exhibits polygynous mating. (Bronson, 1989; Hosack et al., 1997; Monfort et al., 1990) Cervus eldii females can begin reproducing at 2 years of age and typically continue to reproduce until they are 10 years of age.
Cervus eldii --- Cervus eldii females can begin reproducing at 2 years of age and typically continue to reproduce until they are 10 years of age.
Cervus nippon --- Cervus nippon is polygamous, and a successful male will gather as many as 12 females on his territory over the course of the mating (rutting) season (Feldhamer 1980, Nowak 1991).
Cervus unicolor --- At birth, Cervus unicolor are very active and have brown hair with lighter spots, which are soon lost shortly (Medway,1969).
Cervus unicolor --- In captivity, Cervus unicolor can live for over 26 years, but in the wild the average lifespan is about 20 years (Nowak, 1999).
Ceryle alcyon --- For example, belted kingfishers (Ceryle alcyon) drop dead prey into the water for their young to practice diving.
Chaerephon pumilus --- The breeding season in Chaerephon pumilus varies by location.
Chaeropus ecaudatus --- Not much is known about the specifics of Chaeropus ecaudatus reproduction, but a pattern can be inferred from the reproduction of other bandicoots.
Chaetodipus formosus --- The is no information found on the mating systems of long-tailed pocket mice (Brylski, 1999; Guinn, 2002) Chaetodipus formosus is an iteroparous species breeding more than once in its life time.
Chaetodipus nelsoni --- Chaetodipus nelsoni breeds seasonally from February to August.
Chaetodipus penicillatus --- Chaetodipus penicillatus has a high population turnover rate, as high as 95% annually.
Chaetodon aculeatus --- Spawning pairs in Chaetodon aculeatus have been observed chasing each other around a large sponge.
Chaetodon auriga --- Chaetodon auriga are monogamous, they mate with one partner and maintain this partnership for many years (Jobling 1995; Paxton and Eschmeyer 1998; Roberts and Ormond 1992).
Chaetodon auriga --- There is little information available on parental investment of Chaetodon auriga, however other species of butterflyfish do not invest in parental care (Roberts and Ormond, 1992).
Chaetophractus villosus --- At birth Chaetophractus villosus weighs 155 g.
Chaetophractus villosus --- Chaetophractus villosus is born with a soft, leathery skin which hardens with age (Nowak, 1999).
Chaetura pelagica --- At least one species of swift, chimney swifts (Chaetura pelagica) are cooperative breeders.
Chaetura pelagica --- The longest living known individuals are: an alpine swift (Tachymarptis melba) of 26 years, a common swift (Apus apus) of 21 years, and a chimney swift (Chaetura pelagica) of 14 years. (Campbell and Lack, 1985; Chantler and Driessens, 2000; Chantler, 1999; Collins, 2001)
Chaetura vauxi --- Nest sites are usually in dark places such as caves or hollow trees (Vaux&#8217;s swifts (Chaetura vauxi) will nest in the cavities made by pileated woodpeckers (Dryocopus pileatus)).
Chauliodus sloani --- Chauliodus sloani are low fecundity organisms (Gibbs, 1984).
Chauliodus sloani --- Chauliodus sloani specimens have been contained in captivity for as long as 12-18 hours (Christophe, Baguet and Marechal, 1979).
Chauliodus sloani --- Factors such as the depth at which they live and the fact that they do not survive very long in captivity make it very difficult to study this behavior (Christophe, Baguet, and Marechal, 1979). (Christophe, Baguet, and Marechal, 1979) Very little is known about the reproductive habits of Chauliodus sloani but like many fish they are dioecious (Gibbs, 1984).
Chauliodus sloani --- Factors such as the depth at which they live and the fact that they do not survive very long in captivity make it very difficult to study this behavior (Christophe, Baguet, and Marechal, 1979). Very little is known about the reproductive habits of Chauliodus sloani but like many fish they are dioecious (Gibbs, 1984).
Chauliodus sloani --- Hardly anything is known about the mating system of Chauliodus sloani.
Chauliodus sloani --- Like other types of reproductive characteristics, very little information has been gathered in respect to the parental investment of Chauliodus sloani.
Cheirogaleidae --- Cheirogaleidae are noted to live 15 to 19 years in captivity. Allocebus trichotis is probably similar.
Cheirogaleus major --- Cheirogaleus major is reported to be solitary, with males demonstrating intolerance for one another.
Cheirogaleus medius --- A closely related animal, Cheirogaleus medius is reported to have lived nearly 20 years in captivity.
Cheiromeles torquatus --- Cheiromeles torquatus usually has two offspring.
Chelus fimbriatus --- Prior to mating, male Chelus fimbriatus will repetitively extend the head toward the female while opening and closing the mouth.
Chen caerulescens --- Chen caerulescens are monogamous and usually form long-term pair bonds. (Ehrlich, Dobkin, and Wheye, 1988) Chen caerulescens actually mate with their monogamous partners during their migration back to the artic tundra.
Chen caerulescens --- The actual lifespan of Chen caerulescens is unknown, however, it is believed they have quite long lifespans.
Chinchilla brevicaudata --- Females of Chinchilla brevicaudata have a 128 day gestation period and 1-2 litters per year.
Chinchilla lanigera --- Gestation of Chinchilla lanigera lasts for 111 days, and the young are precocial or well developed at birth.
Chinchilla lanigera --- Life span in the wild of Chinchilla lanigera is roughly 10 years, but some domesticated chinchillas have lived for over 20 years.
Chinchilla lanigera --- Life span in the wild of Chinchilla lanigera is roughly 10 years, but some domesticated chinchillas have lived for over 20 years. (Nowak 1991, Grzimek 1975)
Chironectes minimus --- Females of Chironectes minimus are polyestrous.
Chiropotes albinasus --- All other reproduction information for C. satanus is based on observations of a hybrid born to a female Chiropotes albinasus and a male C. satanas in captivity.
Chiropotes albinasus --- Mating has been observed in captivity although it was between a female Chiropotes albinasus and a male Chiropotes satanas, producing a hybrid offspring.
Chiropotes satanas --- Little is currently known about the mating system of Chiropotes satanas in the wild.
Chiropotes satanas --- Mating has been observed in captivity although it was between a female Chiropotes albinasus and a male Chiropotes satanas, producing a hybrid offspring.
Chiropotes satanas --- The reaction of a male Chiropotes satanas to the cries of his hybrid infant in captivity show a level of concern that could translate in the wild to pre-weaning protection.
Chiropotes satanas --- There have been limited long term studies on Chiropotes satanas, so no available information on lifespan in this species.
Chiropotes satanas --- There is little information available on the reproductive cycles of Chiropotes satanas in the wild.
Chlamydosaurus kingii --- Male Chlamydosaurus kingii are territorial and seem to use their frill to attract potential mates.
Chlamydosaurus kingii --- The mating season for Chlamydosaurus kingii corresponds to the wet season, beginning in October or November and lasting until February or March.
Chlamydoselachus anguineus --- Chlamydoselachus anguineus is an ovoviviparous shark that can bear anywhere from two to twelve live young (Dulvy & Reynolds, 1997).
Chlamyphorus retusus --- Chlamyphorus retusus gives birth to several offspring at a time; the usual litter size is four.
Chlamyphorus retusus --- The reproductive behavior of Chlamyphorus retusus has not been studied in great detail because this species is extremely rare and has never bred in captivity.
Chlorocebus aethiops --- Little is known about the reproductive habits of Chlorocebus aethiops; however, like most primates, they are cyclically receptive.
Choerodon fasciatus --- Labridae, the mating group of Choerodon fasciatus consists of one male with multiple females (Melbourne Aquarium).
Choerodon fasciatus --- Like other Labridae, the mating group of Choerodon fasciatus consists of one male with multiple females (Melbourne Aquarium).
Choeronycteris mexicana --- Breeding occurs during the summer months in the northernmost part of the range of Choeronycteris mexicana.
Choeronycteris mexicana --- Once young can fly, Choeronycteris mexicana may move their roosts to areas of greater food availability.
Choloepus hoffmanni --- An individual Choloepus didactylus (Linnaeus's two-toed sloth) was still alive after 28 years in captivity and a captive Choloepus hoffmanni lived for 32 years.
Choloepus didactylus --- An individual Choloepus didactylus (Linnaeus's two-toed sloth) was still alive after 28 years in captivity and a captive Choloepus hoffmanni lived for 32 years.
Choloepus didactylus --- An individual Choloepus didactylus (Linnaeus's two-toed sloth) was still alive after 28 years in captivity and a captive Choloepus hoffmanni lived for 32 years.
Chordeiles minor --- There is no information on how long nestlings or fledglings are dependent on parents, but estimates based on whippoorwills (Caprimulgus vociferus) and nighthawks (Chordeiles minor) suggest young are dependent on parents for about 50 days after hatching.
Chrotogale owstoni --- Newborn Chrotogale owstoni weigh around 75-88 grams (Nowak 1999).
Chrysops vittatus --- Little information is available on the exact mating behaviors of Chrysops vittatus.
Ciccaba virgata --- Ciccaba virgata have smaller clutches than ecologically similar or closely related species.
Cichlidae --- Polygyny is much more common than polyandry, and usually involves territorial males organized into harems (males breed exclusively with a group of females), as in numerous Cichlidae species and several families of reef fishes (Scaridae, Labridae and Pomacentridae, Malacanthidae, Acanthuridae and Balistidae). (Helfman, Collete, and Facey, 1997; Moyle and Cech, 2004)
Ciconia ciconia --- Black storks have a similar mating system to their Ciconia ciconia relatives.
Ciconia ciconia --- Ciconia ciconia make one of the largest nests of all birds.
Ciconia ciconia --- Ciconia ciconia remain in life-long monogamous mating pairs from the age of three or four.
Ciconia nigra --- Ciconia nigra breed annually in late April or May.
Cimex hemipterus --- Cimex hemipterus males require a blood meal before copulating and females require a blood meal before they oviposit.
Cimex hemipterus --- Cimex hemipterus prefers spaces built with materials such as wood and paper to stone, plaster, or textiles.
Ciona intestinalis --- The Ciona intestinalis is hermaphroditic and releases sperm and eggs through the exhalent siphon.
Circus cyaneus --- American examples of these species include Circus cyaneus and Rostrhamus sociabilis.
Circus cyaneus --- North American examples of these species include Circus cyaneus and Rostrhamus sociabilis.
Citrus limon --- The most common host plants for ruby-spotted swallowtails are Citrus limon and Casimiroa edulis in Mexico.
Casimiroa edulis --- The most common host plants for ruby-spotted swallowtails are Citrus limon and Casimiroa edulis in Mexico.
Clamator glandarius --- After hatching, the young Clamator glandarius grows up and is cared for by its host (Payne, 1997).
Clamator glandarius --- Breeding: During the early summer, male and female Clamator glandarius can be seen flying and foraging together, often chasing each other and frequently exchanging calls.
Clemmys guttata --- In this species, the sex of the hatchling is independent of incubation temperature, a departure from the trend in closely related emydid species (such as Clemmys guttata and Emydoidea blandingii) in which embryonic sex differentiation is directly related to nest temperatures during the middle third of the incubation period (Ewert and Nelson, 1991).
Clemmys insculpta --- Hatchling Clemmys insculpta generally emerge from their nests in late August or September and move to water.
Clethrionomys californicus --- Clethrionomys californicus construct lichen nests under logs and forest floor debris.
Clistosaccus paguri --- Although they initially lack this aperture, Clistosaccus paguri externae do display the presence of a receptacle for receiving spermatogonia. Similar to the earlier bypassing of the kentrogon stage during host invasion, "male" cyprids of Clistosaccus paguri do not develop into trichogon larvae, but deliver their germ cells by means of the same antennule penetration method utilized by their female counterparts.
Clistosaccus paguri --- The last stage in the reproduction of Clistosaccus paguri exhibits signs of oviposition and formation of the mantle aperture.
Clistosaccus paguri --- Upon emergence, Clistosaccus paguri will subsist through a period of nearly 4 months without a mantle aperture.
Clonorchis sinensis --- Clonorchis sinensis is hermaphroditic therefore every single sexually mature fluke will produce eggs.
Clostridium botulinum --- Botulism (Clostridium botulinum) and avian cholera (Pasteurella multocida), both bacterial diseases, impact blue-winged teal populations heavily through ingestion of the bacteria.
Clupea harengus --- Clupea harengus may live up to 20 years.
Clupea harengus --- Clupea harengus uses external fertilization of eggs.
Clypeaster subdepressus --- Clypeaster subdepressus is capable of producing gametes throughout the year.
Cnemidophorus sonorae --- Cnemidophorus sonorae is a unisexual, all-female species that breeds by parthenogenesis (Goldberg et al.
Coccyzus erythropthalmus --- They may lay eggs in the nest of other yellow-billed cuckoos, or in the nests of other bird species, including Coccyzus erythropthalmus, Turdus americanus, Dumetella carolinensis and Hylocichla mustelina.
Coenobita perlatus --- Coenobita perlatus can live up to 25-30 years in the wild, but once in captivity they typically live from 1-4 years.
Coereba flaveola --- Reproduction varies slightly among the subspecies of Coereba flaveola.
Coereba flaveola portoricensis --- The bananaquit (Coereba flaveola portoricensis), Puerto Rican bullfinch (Loxigilla portoricensis) and Puerto Rican tody (Todus mexicanus) are all birds which share nests with E. coqui.
Colaptes auratus --- They nest in cavities excavated by Colaptes auratus or in nest boxes.
Colias philodice --- Females appear not to care about the coloration of the males but ultraviolet reflection must be present, which helps reduce hybridization with yellow sulphurs Colias philodice that lack the reflection.
Colias philodice vitabunda --- Colias philodice vitabunda flies mainly from June until mid-July.
Colobus angolensis --- Colobus angolensis is polygynous.
Colobus polykomos --- A member of the related species Colobus polykomos is reported to have lived 23.5 years in captivity.
Colobus vellerosus --- As in other species of Colobus, Colobus vellerosus is polygynous.
Colobus vellerosus --- Longevity in Colobus vellerosus is not reported in the literature.
Colobus vellerosus --- Male parental care is not reported in Colobus vellerosus.
Colobus vellerosus --- Male parental care is not reported in Colobus vellerosus. (Brent, Teichroeb, and Sicotte, 2007; Teichroeb, Sicotte, and Sai, 2007)
Colobus vellerosus --- There is relatively little information on reproduction in Colobus vellerosus.
Columbia inca --- Columbia inca have a typical lifespan of 2-3 years however one banded individual has reached an age of 7 years and 9 months (Mueller, 1992).
Condylura cristata --- Condylura cristata appears to be monogamous for one breeding season.
Condylura cristata --- Condylura cristata mates in the spring from about mid-March through April.
Condylura cristata --- Little is known about parental investment in Condylura cristata, but there is likely no post-weaning care.
Condylura cristata --- Little is known about parental investment in Condylura cristata, but there is likely no post-weaning care. (Baker, 1983)
Condylura cristata --- Not much is known about the lifespan of Condylura cristata in the wild.
Conepatus chinga --- Much is unknown about the lifespan of Conepatus chinga, but recent studies have shed the light on its duration.
Conepatus mesoleucus --- A captive Conepatus mesoleucus lived 8 years and 8 months in captivitiy.
Conepatus mesoleucus --- Data are lacking on the breeding season of this species, but in congeneric Conepatus mesoleucus in Texas, reproduction usually occurs between February and March.
Contia tenuis --- They originated from at least 50 racers, sharp-tailed snakes (Contia tenuis), ring-necked snakes (Diadophis punctatus), and gopher snakes (Pituophis catenifer) (Greene,1997).
Contia tenuis --- They originated from at least 50 racers, sharp-tailed snakes (Contia tenuis), ring-necked snakes (Diadophis punctatus), and gopher snakes (Pituophis catenifer) (Greene,1997). (Conant and Collins, 1998; Greene, 1997)
Contopus virens --- Although information on the exact life expectancy of C. sordidulus is unavailable, Contopus virens, which are very similar to western wood-pewee groups, have a life expectancy of about 7 years.
Copadichromis eucinostomous --- Some lekking species, such as Copadichromis eucinostomous, migrate inshore and build volcano-like nests out of sand, while others lek in open waters, such as Paracyprichromis brieni.
Paracyprichromis brieni --- Some lekking species, such as Copadichromis eucinostomous, migrate inshore and build volcano-like nests out of sand, while others lek in open waters, such as Paracyprichromis brieni.
Copella arnoldi --- Quite an elaborate form of parental care is found in Copella arnoldi.
Cophosaurus texanus --- The eggs of Cophosaurus texanus are laid from March to August and take about fifty days to hatch (Bartlett and Bartlett 1999).
Coracias garrulus --- European rollers (Coracias garrulus) live for approximately 8.9 years in captivity. (Mackworth-Praed and Grant, 1970)
Corallus caninus --- A second source stated that Corallus caninus typically give birth to an average of 10 young but can produce a litter size of 20. (Groves, 1978; Kivit and Wiseman, 2000) Corallus caninus is a viviparous species with a gestation period of 6 to 7 months.
Corallus caninus --- Corallus caninus is a viviparous species with a gestation period of 6 to 7 months.
Corallus caninus --- Little is known about Corallus caninus reproduction.
Cordylus cataphractus --- Cordylus cataphractus does seem to be able to replenish its energy reserves quickly.
Cordylus cataphractus --- Cordylus cataphractus is a potentially long lived species, with life spans reaching 20 to 25 years in captivity.
Coris aygula --- Coris aygula is a member of the wrasse family.
Corvus caurinus --- Corvus caurinus are not kept in captivity.
Corvus caurinus --- Corvus caurinus are not kept in captivity. (Verbeek and Butler, 1999)
Corvus caurinus --- Corvus caurinus has been known to participate in cooperative breeding.
Corvus caurinus --- Corvus caurinus line their nests with moss, gull and crow feathers and sheep's wool, among other things. (Verbeek and Butler, 1999)
Corvus caurinus --- Corvus caurinus typically leave the nest permanently at about 31 days.
Corvus caurinus --- Corvus caurinus typically lives about 12 years in the wild, if it fledges.
Corvus caurinus --- It is not known when northwestern crows (Corvus caurinus) form breeding pairs, but it is most likely sometime in their second year, prior to the breeding season.
Corvus caurinus --- Young Corvus caurinus probably reach sexual maturity between 15 and 20 months.
Corvus corax --- For example, roadrunner eggs have been observed in the nests of the Corvus corax and the Mimus polyglottos.
Corvus corax --- Gyrfalcons do not construct their own stick nests in trees (although old common raven (Corvus corax) stick nests in trees are sometimes used), and usually find suitable nesting sites on cliff faces where there is a shelf with an overhang.
Corvus corax --- For example, roadrunner eggs have been observed in the nests of the Corvus corax and the Mimus polyglottos.
Mimus polyglottos --- For example, roadrunner eggs have been observed in the nests of the Corvus corax and the Mimus polyglottos.
Mimus polyglottos --- For example, roadrunner eggs have been observed in the nests of the Corvus corax and the Mimus polyglottos. (Aragon et al., 1999; Kaufman, 1996; Stokes and Stokes, 1996; Youth, 1997)
Mimus polyglottos --- For example, roadrunner eggs have been observed in the nests of the Corvus corax and the Mimus polyglottos. (Aragon et al., 1999; Kaufman, 1996; Stokes and Stokes, 1996; Youth, 1997)
Corydalus cornutus --- Corydalus cornutus takes one to three years to complete its life-cycle.
Corydalus cornutus --- Corydalus cornutus takes one to three years to complete its life-cycle. (Anderson, 2003; McCafferty, 1983)
Corydon sumatranus --- Observations have been made of groups of up to twenty dusky broadbills (Corydon sumatranus) building a single nest.
Corynactis californica --- All Corynactis californica reproduce asexually by fission and budding.
Corynorhinus townsendii --- Corynorhinus townsendii individuals have been recorded living over twenty-one years.
Corynorhinus townsendii --- It has been noted that the life expectancy of Corynorhinus townsendii is much shorter when kept in captivity.
Corynorhinus townsendii --- It has been noted that the life expectancy of Corynorhinus townsendii is much shorter when kept in captivity. (Barbour and Davis, 1969; de Magalhaes, Costa, and Toussaint, 2005; Gruver and Keinath, 2006)
Coryphella lineata --- Like all nudibranchs, Coryphella lineata is hermaphroditic.
Coryphopterus personatus --- Gobies exhibit a wide variety of mating systems but most seem to be promiscuous, either organized into a hierarchical social system, such as Coryphopterus personatus, or small territories maintained by individuals, such as Coryphopterus glaucofrenum and Lythrypnus dalli.
Lythrypnus dalli --- Gobies exhibit a wide variety of mating systems but most seem to be promiscuous, either organized into a hierarchical social system, such as Coryphopterus personatus, or small territories maintained by individuals, such as Coryphopterus glaucofrenum and Lythrypnus dalli.
Coryphopterus glaucofrenum --- Gobies exhibit a wide variety of mating systems but most seem to be promiscuous, either organized into a hierarchical social system, such as Coryphopterus personatus, or small territories maintained by individuals, such as Coryphopterus glaucofrenum and Lythrypnus dalli.
Cottidae --- Lernaeocera branchialis develops into a copepodid, which attaches to an intermediate host, such as a lumpfish (e.g. Cyclopterus lumpus), sculpin (Cottidae), or flounder (Pleuronectidae).
Craspedacusta sowerbyi --- Craspedacusta sowerbyi reproduce asexually in the polyp form, via budding.
Craterna macphersonae --- Nudibranchs exhibit both indirect (larval) and direct (larvae absent) development, depending on the species; these data were not available specifically for Craterna macphersonae.
Crax rubra --- One cracid, a great curassow (Crax rubra), reportedly lived for 24 years.
Crax rubra --- One cracid, a great curassow (Crax rubra), reportedly lived for 24 years. (Delacour and Amadon, 1973)
Crax rubra --- The yellow knob at the base of the bill of great curassows (Crax rubra) increases in size during courtship.
Crax rubra --- The yellow knob at the base of the bill of great curassows (Crax rubra) increases in size during courtship. (Campbell and Lack, 1985; Delacour and Amadon, 1973; Stiles and Skutch, 1991)
Cricetomys gambianus --- Litter sizes range from 1 (Cricetomys gambianus) to 10 (Saccostomus campestris).
Crocidura leucodon --- Crocidura leucodon, and other central-European members of the genus, exhibit one of the more interesting parent/offspring behaviors of shrews: caravanning.
Crocodylus acutus --- American crocodile (Crocodylus acutus).
Crocodylus acutus --- Not much information is known about particular mating habits between males and females, although they appear to follow some of the same mating habits (such as being polygynous) of the American crocodile (Crocodylus acutus).
Crocodylus moreletii --- Crocodylus moreletii is unique because it is the only crocodile known to be exclusively mound nesting, laying between 20 and 40 eggs in nests that are approximately 3 m wide by 1 m high.
Crocodylus moreletii --- Studies among captive Crocodylus moreletii show females will respond to newborn vocalizations and open the nests.
Crocuta crocuta --- Crocuta crocuta clans are matrilinear and females are dominant over males.
Crocuta crocuta --- Crocuta crocuta has the highest parental investment of any carnivore for several reasons.
Crocuta crocuta --- Crocuta crocuta is highly polygynous and mating is aseasonal.
Crocuta crocuta --- Crocuta crocuta lives about 20 years in the wild.
Crocuta crocuta --- In some social species, like spotted hyenas (Crocuta crocuta), the mother's position in the dominance hierarchy determines the position of her offspring.
Crocuta crocuta --- Usually females will defend their young with great vigor, though there is a reported case of mothers standing idly by while a Crocuta crocuta killed and ate a juvenile.
Crocuta crocuta --- Usually females will defend their young with great vigor, though there is a reported case of mothers standing idly by while a Crocuta crocuta killed and ate a juvenile. (Estes, 1991; Kingdon, 1979)
Crossarchus obscurus --- In captivity, Crossarchus obscurus is known to live nine years (Goldman, 1987).
Crossaster papposus --- Crossaster papposus, like most sea stars, has separate sexes, and fertilization is external.
Crossaster papposus --- Juvenile Crossaster papposus tend to prefer sediment bottoms of the sea.
Crossaster papposus --- Like other sea stars, Crossaster papposus can regenerate injured or missing arms, as long as a portion of the central disc, where the arms converge, is intact.
Crossaster papposus --- Upon growing to 5cm in diameter, Crossaster papposus migrates to shallow water (4-8cm in diameter) and then, with increasing size, it gradually moves to greater depths.
Crotalus atrox --- Crotalus atrox reaches sexual maturity at 3 years.
Crotalus molossus --- Based on observations, Crotalus molossus has a monogamous mating system.
Crotalus molossus --- There is not much available information about the lifespan and longevity of Crotalus molossus.
Crotalus viridis --- Crotalus viridis mate between March and May.
Crotalus viridis --- In areas where females are scarce, males spend more time searching for females, and are not generally observed fighting over females. (Duvall, 1997; Fitch, 1998; Melli, 1999; Reptiles and Amphibians of North Dakota, 1999; Crotalus viridis viridis, 1999)
Crotaphytus collaris --- Adult Crotaphytus collaris exhibit no parental care (Jones, 1997).
Crotaphytus collaris --- Crotaphytus collaris courts and mates on the ground in spring to early summer.
Cryptomys damarensis --- Cryptomys damarensis probably has a similar lifespan.
Cryptomys damarensis --- Cryptomys damarensis probably has a similar lifespan. (Nowak, 1999)
Cryptomys hottentotus --- Cryptomys hottentotus is a seasonal breeder with one or two litters per breeding season.
Cryptomys hottentotus --- Lifespan and longevity is currently unknown for Damaraland mole-rats, although individuals of the closely related species, Cryptomys hottentotus, have lived nearly 10 years in captivity.
Cryptotis parva --- Like all female mammals, Cryptotis parva females provide their newborns with milk until they are independent and can eat solid food.
Ctenocephalides felis --- Optimal conditions for survival of Ctenocephalides felis are described by a temperature range of 26.7 to 31.5 degrees Celsius and a relative humidity between 50 and 92 percent.
Ctenodactylus gundi --- The gestation period is unknown, but ranges from 69-79 days in Ctenodactylus gundi, a related species.
Ctenomys conoveri --- Ctenomys conoveri has altricial young.
Ctenomys pearsoni --- Ctenomys pearsoni breeds once yearly.
Ctenomys pearsoni --- Ctenomys pearsoni exhibits highly motivated maternal behavior postpartum.
Ctenomys sociabilis --- Ctenomys sociabilis is a seasonal breeder.
Ctenomys talarum --- Apart from the mating episode, male and female Ctenomys talarum do not interact.
Ctenomys talarum --- Ctenomys talarum clearly recognizes interspecific chemical signals from cues in urine, feces, and soiled wood shavings.
Ctenomys talarum --- With a lifespan of 20 to 22 months, individuals rarely live through more than two reproductive seasons. (Busch et al., 1989) In captivity, Ctenomys talarum develops hyperglycemia and cataracts.
Ctenomys talarum --- Young of Ctenomys talarum are reportedly able to fend for themselves by about 10 days of age, even though they are not the most precocious members of their genus at birth.
Cuculus canorus --- Cuculus canorus is a brood parasite.
Culiseta melanura --- Culiseta melanura have a unique life cycle for a mosquito; the mosquito over winters as a larva as opposed to an adult.
Cuora amboinensis --- Cuora amboinensis achieves fertilization internally by means of copulation between sexes.
Cuora amboinensis --- The longevity of Cuora amboinensis is usually from 25 to 30 years.
Cyanopsitta spixii --- The 28-year lifespan of Cyanopsitta spixii is considerably shorter than other, larger macaws, but similar to its closest relative, Illiger's macaws which have a lifespan of approximately 30 years.
Cyclopterus lumpus --- Lernaeocera branchialis develops into a copepodid, which attaches to an intermediate host, such as a lumpfish (e.g. Cyclopterus lumpus), sculpin (Cottidae), or flounder (Pleuronectidae).
Cyclura cornuta --- May, and Cyclura cornuta is oviparous, so eggs are laid about 40 days after mating, usually in early August.
Cyclura cornuta --- The beginning of the mating season is late May, and Cyclura cornuta is oviparous, so eggs are laid about 40 days after mating, usually in early August.
Cyclura cornuta --- This corresponds to the fact that Cyclura cornuta appears to be extremely territorial and males especially will attempt to dominate and intimidate conspecifics with head movements and body gyrations.
Cynodon dactylon --- Eggs are placed on weedy grasses such as crabgrass Digiteria spp. and Bermuda grass Cynodon dactylon.
Cynogale bennettii --- Very little information exists on the breeding patterns of Cynogale bennettii.
Cynomys lodovicianus --- Cynomys lodovicianus pups are altricial.
Cynopterus brachyotis --- Cynopterus brachyotis lives about 20 to 30 years.
Cynopterus brachyotis --- Cynopterus brachyotis lives about 20 to 30 years. (Crichton and Krutzsch, 2000)
Cynopterus sphinx --- In Central India, Cynopterus sphinx breeds twice per year.
Cynopterus sphinx --- India, Cynopterus sphinx breeds twice per year.
Cyphotilapia frontosa --- Cyphotilapia frontosa is a mouthbrooding fish.
Cyphotilapia frontosa --- However, Cyphotilapia frontosa release their fry about twenty meters deep.
Cyprinodon diabolis --- Cyprinodon diabolis can breed year round, but breeding is most intense from April to May.
Cyprinodon diabolis --- Cyprinodon diabolis exhibits a polygynous mating system, following a consort pair breeding system, defined as a gravid female being closely followed by one or more males.
Cyprinodon diabolis --- Cyprinodon diabolis exhibits no signs of parental investment past spawning.
Cyprinodon diabolis --- Cyprinodon diabolis exhibits no signs of parental investment past spawning. (Ono, Williams, and Wagner, 1983)
Cyprinodon diabolis --- Cyprinodon diabolis uses the limestone bedrock as well as the algae that grows on it as a substrate for spawning.
D. albiventris --- Although D. albiventris may live somewhat longer, it is not likely that they have a really long life.
D. albus --- The breeding season occurs only once a year, so D. albus is monestrus.
D. arboreus --- There is very limited information on parental investment in D. arboreus.
D. auratus --- The mating season of D. auratus occurs throughout the entire rainy season of the rain forest, from mid-July through mid-September.
D. azureus --- The lifespan of D. azureus is about 4-6 years in the wild.
D. compactus --- Litter sizes of 1 to 6 young have been recorded, which is consistent with the average of 2 young per litter observed in D. compactus. (Nowak, 1999)
D. elator --- It is likely that given the consistency of these parameters within the genus, D. elator is similar.
D. f. fuscus --- In one study, brooding female D. f. fuscus returned to their nests after being displaced as much as 32 meters.
D. hybridus --- The specific lifespan of D. hybridus is not known, but other species of armadillo have been reported to live anywhere from 9 to 40 years.
D. inustus --- Female D. inustus will protect their offsrping for up to two years.
D. inustus --- The lifespan of D. inustus is up to 10 years.
D. inustus --- There is not much known about the mating systems of D. inustus but their relative in Australia, Dendrolagus lumholtzi, is known to be polygynous.
D. leporina --- Though data on D. leporina are unavailable, other members of Dasyproctidae have estrus cycles lasting approximately 34 days and wean their offspring around 20 weeks of age.
D. leporina --- Though specific data on D. leporina longevity are unavailable, other members of the genus have lived 15 to 20 years in captivity.
D. marsupialis --- Little information is available on specific lifespans of Didelphis aurita, but its close relative D. marsupialis has an average life span of 2 years in the wild. (Hagmann, 2003)
D. ordii --- Although maximum lifespan for Dipodomys microps has not been reported, one captive D. ordii lived to be nearly 10 years old! (Hayssen, 1991; Nowak, 1999)
D. ordii --- An individual of D. ordii is known to have lived in captivity for 9 years and 10 months.
D. ordii --- However, one member of another species in the genus, D. ordii, lived almost 10 years in captivity.
D. ordii --- However, one member of the same genus, D. ordii lived for nearly 10 years in captivity.
D. ordii --- The average lifespan is 4.9 month, but this, is of course, misleading. Many kangaroo rats die young, and those who make it to adulthood can live a very long time. Although maximum lifespan for Dipodomys microps has not been reported, one captive D. ordii lived to be nearly 10 years old!
D. ordii --- The average lifespan is 4.9 month, but this, is of course, misleading. Many kangaroo rats die young, and those who make it to adulthood can live a very long time. Although maximum lifespan for Dipodomys microps has not been reported, one captive D. ordii lived to be nearly 10 years old! (Hayssen, 1991; Nowak, 1999)
D. petechia --- From its wintering grounds, D. petechia arrive in the northern areas with little time between migrations for the reproduction process, which at a minimum takes 45 days.
D. scottae --- There is little information on longevity in D. scottae, however other Dendrolagus are known to live 20 years or more in captivity.
D. trivirgata --- Limited research has been conducted on the breeding biology of D. trivirgata.
Dacelo novaeguineae --- A captive laughing kookaburra (Dacelo novaeguineae) also lived over 15 years.
Dama dama --- Dama dama usually give birth to one fawn after a gestation period of 33 to 35 weeks.
Damaliscus pygargus --- Damaliscus pygargus can live up to 17 years.
Damaliscus pygargus --- Damaliscus pygargus can live up to 17 years. (Kingdom, 1997; Mills and Hes, 1997)
Danaus plexippes --- They have also been observed chasing other insects while patrolling, including monarchs Danaus plexippes, black swallowtails Papilio polyxenes asterias, great spangled fritillaries Speyeria cybele and aphrodite fritillaries Speyeria aphrodite (B.J. Barton, personal observation, Kopper et al. 2001).
Danaus plexippus --- The courtship of Danaus plexippus is fairly simple and less dependent on chemical pheromones in comparison with other species in its genus.
Daphnia --- Daphnia usually live about ten to thirty days and can live up to one hundred days if their environment is free of predators.
Daphnia --- This stage of reproduction is most used for a rapid increase in Daphnia growth but requires more favorable conditions. The sexual stage of Daphnia reproduction occurs mainly in the winter during less favorable conditions caused by overcrowding, accumulation of wastes, lower food availability, and lower temperatures.
Daphnia pulex --- Daphnia pulex reproduces both sexually and asexually in a process called parthenogenesis, where male gametes are unnecessary.
Daphnia pulex --- Parthenogenesis occurs mainly in the summer, so that during summer an entire population of Daphnia pulex will consist almost completely of females.
Daptrius americanus --- Two species of falconids, red-throated caracaras (Daptrius americanus) and collared falconets (Microhierax caerulescens) regularly breed cooperatively.
Dasyatis americana --- Dasyatis americana is ovoviparous; the female carries eggs internally but does not nurture the fetuses.
Dasyprocta punctata --- Central American agoutis (Dasyprocta punctata) form monogamous pair bonds and can breed year round. (Smythe, 1978)
Dasyprocta punctata --- In Dasyprocta punctata and other Dasyprocta species, females usually raise one or two precocial young.
Dasyprocta ruatanica --- The only lifespan information available for Dasyprocta ruatanica is that individuals have reached the age of 13.7 years in captivity. (Weigl and Jones, 2005)
Dasypus hybridus --- Dasypus hybridus has between 4 and 12 young in each litter.
Dasypus novemcinctus --- Nine banded armadillos (Dasypus novemcinctus) are weaned at 4 to 5 months and become mature sexually around 1 year. ("Armadillos", 2006; "Xenarthra; Family Dasypodidae", 1999)
Dasyurus geoffroii --- Dasyurus geoffroii are independent at 18 weeks and weaned at 23 to 24 weeks, both the male and female are sexually mature at one year of age.
Dasyurus geoffroii --- Dasyurus geoffroii are independent at 18 weeks and weaned at 23 to 24 weeks, both the male and female are sexually mature at one year of age. (Collins 1973, Hyett et al 1980, Massicot 2000, Mawson 1996, Menkhorst et al 1995, Ride 1970)
Dasyurus hallucatus --- The most successful reproduction of Dasyurus hallucatus occurs near creeklines due to the constant supply of water.
Dasyurus maculatus --- Dasyurus maculatus demonstrates a lengthy courtship where the female may be bitten quite severely (Parker, 1990).
Dasyurus maculatus --- Dasyurus maculatus has been kept alive in captivity for three to four years (Nowak, 1999).
Delphinapterus leucas --- In some species, such as belugas (Delphinapterus leucas) mothers and calves form associations that last long after calves are weaned.
Delphinapterus leucas --- Lactation duration is unknown, but thought to be comparable to the white whale (Delphinapterus leucas) of 20 months.
Dendroaspis polylepis --- Dendroaspis polylepis males will often engage in combat during the mating season.
Dendroaspis polylepis --- Dendroaspis polylepis mate in the early spring.
Dendrobates auratus --- For instance, the green poison dart frog, Dendrobates auratus, is polygynous. (Summers, 1990)
Dendrobates azureus --- Dendrobates azureus are solitary animals, interacting with others only during territorial fighting and breeding.
Dendrobates azureus --- Dendrobates azureus breeds seasonally in the wild, usually during the rainy season (February and March).
Dendrobates azureus --- Dendrobates azureus usually breed in the months of February and March producing 5-10 offspring per clutch.
Dendrobates histrionicus --- Dendrobates histrionicus are obligate egg feeders, meaning to insure proper development, the tadpole must eat infertile eggs from its mother (Zamora et al 1999).
Dendrobates histrionicus --- Dendrobates histrionicus is unique in how the tadpoles feed.
Dendrocopos leucotos --- Both male and female Dendrocopos leucotos spend 2 to 4 weeks preparing a nest for their clutch by excavating the soft wood of a decaying tree trunk.
Dendrocopos leucotos --- Dendrocopos leucotos begin mating in February.
Dendrogale murina --- Dendrogale murina reach sexual maturity after 2 months.
Dendrogale murina --- Dendrogale murina tend to breed when fruiting of local trees and shrubs is at its maximum (Blomstrom, 2001).
Dendrohyrax --- One record of an anomolurid being held in captivity had the animal living in a cage for 14 months with a Dendrohyrax species.
Dendroica chrysoparia --- During incubation Dendroica chrysoparia spends at least 75% of daylight hours on the nest.
Dendroicia virens --- Adult survivorship amongst Dendroicia virens is high, with 67% yearly survival.
Dendrolagus --- It is estimated that Dendrolagus may ideally produce 6 offspring in a lifetime.
Dendrolagus --- Living in tropical rainforest with little differentiation between seasons, Dendrolagus are not likely to be seasonal breeders, and, instead, are probably opportunistic breeders (Tyndale-Biscoe and Renfree, 1987).
Dendrolagus bennettianus --- Also in the other tree kangaroo species of Australia, Dendrolagus bennettianus, males are very territorial with other males but their territory often overlaps with several females, leading to the idea that they are polygynous.
Dendrolagus lumholtzi --- There is not much known about the mating systems of D. inustus but their relative in Australia, Dendrolagus lumholtzi, is known to be polygynous.
Dendrolagus matschiei --- Whereas certain species of tree-kangaroo, such as Dendrolagus matschiei, have been successfully bred and studied in captivity, most are little studied so that reproductive behavior and processes are poorly understood.
Dendrolagus scottae --- There is very little information on Dendrolagus scottae or other Dendrolagus species.
Dendromus melanotis --- Dendromus melanotis has a life span of 3-4 years in captivity, but it is not presently known if this is representative of its life span in the wild (Dieterlen 1990).
Dendromus melanotis --- The gestation period for Dendromus melanotis is 23-27 days.
Dendromus mesomelas --- However, a closely related species, Dendromus mesomelas, was documented in 1973 to live 3 years and 3 months in captivity.
Dendromus mystacalis --- Dendromus mystacalis is probably similar.
Dendromus mystacalis --- Dendromus mystacalis is probably similar. (Jones, 1982)
Dendronotus frondosus --- Dendronotus frondosus is hermaphroditic.
Dermatemys mawii --- Generally, Dermatemys mawii lays oblong eggs with white shells that are very thick and hard.
Dermatemys mawii --- This phenomenon helps Dermatemys mawii reproduce because it allows females to lay eggs in more secluded areas away from the normal river channel.
Dermatobia hominis --- Being non-feeding and having a short adult life span (3-4 days in the laboratory), this stage in the life-cycle of Dermatobia hominis is allocated primarily towards reproductive efforts.
Dermatobia hominis --- Dermatobia hominis exhibit a homometabolous life-cycle.
Dermatobia hominis --- Forty-eight species of flies--of which about half are mosquitoes--and a tick are reported to be involved in this paratenic relationship with female Dermatobia hominis.
Dermatobia hominis --- Mating in Dermatobia hominis begins with "pouncing" displays performed by a male in response to sexual readiness in a female, which is indicated by the protraction of the latter's abdomen or pseudovipositor.
Dermochelys coriacea --- We have no information on the lifespan of Dermochelys coriacea.
Dermochelys coriacea --- We have no information on the lifespan of Dermochelys coriacea. (Barbour and Ernst, 1972; Pope, 1939)
Desmodus rotundus --- Desmodus rotundus is believed to be sexually active throughout the year.
Desmodus rotundus --- However, the common vampire bat, Desmodus rotundus, breeds throughout the year, bearing a single young after an 8-9 month gestation.
Desmodus rotundus --- However, the common vampire bat, Desmodus rotundus, breeds throughout the year, bearing a single young after an 8-9 month gestation. (Greenhall et al., 1983; Lord, 1992)
Desmodus rotundus --- The relate common vampire bat (Desmodus rotundus) lives around 9 years in the wild.
Desmodus rotundus --- The relate common vampire bat (Desmodus rotundus) lives around 9 years in the wild. (Marlett, 2001)
Desmognathus ochrophaeus --- Fertilization for Desmognathus ochrophaeus is internal.
Desmognathus ochrophaeus --- Interestingly, Desmognathus ochrophaeus females will accept eggs belonging to another female and will attend to the new clutch and take care of it as if it were her own.
Desmognathus ochrophaeus --- Most Desmognathus ochrophaeus larvae have metamorphosed into the adult form after a few weeks, but a few go more quickly (probably nourished by especially large and rich yolk in their egg) or take much longer, up to 8 months (Bishop 1943; Hairston 1987, Virginia Fish and Wildlife Information Service 2002).
Diadema antillarum --- Some populations of Diadema antillarum have been observed to congregate during their spawning season.
Diadema antillarum --- The lifespan of Diadema antillarum is closely related to temperatures and food availability.
Diadema antillarum --- The spawning of Diadema antillarum appears to be connected to the lunar calendar.
Diadophis punctatus --- They originated from at least 50 racers, sharp-tailed snakes (Contia tenuis), ring-necked snakes (Diadophis punctatus), and gopher snakes (Pituophis catenifer) (Greene,1997). (Conant and Collins, 1998; Greene, 1997)
Diaemus youngi --- The lifespan of Diaemus youngi has only been documented in captivity where they can live 20 years.
Diclidurus albus --- Diclidurus albus is a rare animal to see, so its reproductive behaviors have yet to be studied in depth. (Ceballos and Medellin, 1988; Hernandez et al., 1985; Jones and Hood, 1993)
Didelphis albiventris --- Didelphis albiventris reproduction is seasonal, but varies according to rainfall patterns.
Didelphis aurita --- Didelphis aurita is considered to be promiscuous because non-territorial males&#8217; home ranges overlap with several territorial females and other non-territorial males&#8217; home ranges.
Didelphis aurita --- Female Didelphis aurita carry the young in their pouches until weaning which could be up to 100 days from birth.
Didelphis aurita --- In the case of Didelphis aurita the breeding season coincides with the wet season.
Didelphis aurita --- Like other marsupials, Didelphis aurita undergoes a brief gestation period and gives birth to tiny young that crawl into the mother&#8217;s pouch where they attach to a nipple and feed for about 100 days.
Didelphis aurita --- Little information is available on specific lifespans of Didelphis aurita, but its close relative D. marsupialis has an average life span of 2 years in the wild. (Hagmann, 2003)
Didelphis marsupialis --- Using information from other South American Didelphidae like Didelphis marsupialis the females can have 2 to 3 litters per breeding season with an average of 7.3 young per litter. (Eisenberg and Redford, 1999; Gentile et al., 2000; Gentile, D'Andrea, and Cerqueira, 1995)
Digiteria spp. --- Eggs are placed on weedy grasses such as crabgrass Digiteria spp. and Bermuda grass Cynodon dactylon.
Digiteria spp. --- Eggs are placed on weedy grasses such as crabgrass Digiteria spp. and Bermuda grass Cynodon dactylon. (Opler, 1984)
Dinemellia dinemelli --- African pygmy falcons rely on the social weavers (Philetairus socius) in the northeast part of their range and white-headed buffalo weavers (Dinemellia dinemelli) in the southwestern part of their range for nesting.
Diodon holocanthus --- At this time, Diodon holocanthus begins to develop spines.
Diodon holocanthus --- Diodon holocanthus reproduces through sexual processes, just like most other fish.
Diodon holocanthus --- The larval stage of Diodon holocanthus is yellow with red spots and well-developed functional mouth, eyes and gas bladder (FLMNH ).
Diodon holocanthus --- The larval stage of Diodon holocanthus is yellow with red spots and well-developed functional mouth, eyes and gas bladder (FLMNH).
Diodon holocanthus --- Until they are 10 days old, Diodon holocanthus larvae retain a thin shell covering, which is then lost (FLMNH).
Diphylla ecaudata --- Diphylla ecaudata is sexually mature at 9 months and reproductively active throughout the year.
Dipodomys --- Although the gestation period of this species has not been reported, within the genus Dipodomys gestations generally range from 29-36 days.
Dipodomys --- However, within the genus Dipodomys, there is a tendency for males and females to come together only for mating purposes.
Dipodomys --- There is an average of three litters per year for Dipodomys.
Dipodomys californicus --- No data were found relating specifically to Dipodomys californicus.
Dipodomys californicus --- There isn't much data available on the specific reproductive behavior of Dipodomys californicus.
Dipodomys deserti --- Although little has been reported on the longevity of wild Dipodomys deserti, lifespan in captive individuals has ranged between 5.5 years to 8 years (Brattsrom, 1959; Nader, 1979)
Dipodomys deserti --- Dipodomys deserti show no definitive courtship period because of their intense aggressive behavior.
Dipodomys deserti --- The mass of Dipodomys deserti at birth ranges between 2.2 and 4.6 g.
Dipodomys heermanni --- Sexual maturity is achieved at some point past the third week; in congenerics of Dipodomys heermanni, maturity was achieved at times ranging from day 32 to day 56.
Dipodomys hermanni --- In Dipodomys hermanni, hairs are reported to be visible at approximately 14 days of age.
Dipodomys merriami --- Cycle lengths for Dipodomys merriami and Dipodomys microps were recorded as 12 and 13 days, respectively.
Dipodomys merriami --- Dipodomys merriami has a high reproductive rate.
Dipodomys microps --- Although maximum lifespan for Dipodomys microps has not been reported, one captive D. ordii lived to be nearly 10 years old! (Hayssen, 1991; Nowak, 1999)
Dipodomys microps --- Cycle lengths for Dipodomys merriami and Dipodomys microps were recorded as 12 and 13 days, respectively.
Dipodomys microps --- Female Dipodomys microps have an estrous cycle of about 12 days.
Dipodomys microps --- The average lifespan is 4.9 month, but this, is of course, misleading. Many kangaroo rats die young, and those who make it to adulthood can live a very long time. Although maximum lifespan for Dipodomys microps has not been reported, one captive D. ordii lived to be nearly 10 years old!
Dipodomys microps --- The average lifespan is 4.9 month, but this, is of course, misleading. Many kangaroo rats die young, and those who make it to adulthood can live a very long time. Although maximum lifespan for Dipodomys microps has not been reported, one captive D. ordii lived to be nearly 10 years old! (Hayssen, 1991; Nowak, 1999)
Dipodomys nitratoides --- The average life span of Dipodomys nitratoides is two years, although one captive lived for 9 years (Nowak, 1991).
Dipodomys nitratoides --- The time until weaning apparently varies, as Dipodomys nitratoides weans its young between 21 and 24 days, and Dipodomys panamintinus weans its young between 27 and 29 days.
Dipodomys ordii --- Dipodomys ordii are solitary animals that will only let potential mates approach during the mating seasons in spring and fall.
Dipodomys ordii --- However, the young of Dipodomys ordii remain in their natal nest for 4 to 5 weeks, indicating that the time of weaning may be later than in the other species mentioned.
Dipodomys ordii --- The estrous cycle in Dipodomys ordii is short, lasting only 5-6 days.
Dipodomys panamintinus --- The time until weaning apparently varies, as Dipodomys nitratoides weans its young between 21 and 24 days, and Dipodomys panamintinus weans its young between 27 and 29 days.
Dipodomys venustus --- Female Dipodomys venustus have one to two litters per year with two to four young per litter.
Dipus sagitta --- A closely related species, Dipus sagitta, the rough legged jerboa, has been more closely studied.
Dipus sagitta --- Dipus sagitta breeds in the same season as P. ctenodactylus and appears to have other similarities as well.
Dipylidium caninum --- When Dipylidium caninum finally reaches its definitive host it can reach sexual maturity.
Dorcopsis luctuosa --- Female Dorcopsis luctuosa reach maturity at 15 months.
Dorcopsis muelleri --- In a closely related species, Dorcopsis muelleri, the time until weaning is 270 days.
Dorcopsulus luctuosa --- However, a related species found in the same geographic range but at lower altitudes, Dorcopsulus luctuosa, has a maximum lifespan of eight years.
Dorcopsulus macleayi --- Dorcopsulus macleayi probably has similar longevity. (Fisher, Owens, and Johnson, 2001)
Dorosoma cepedianum --- Breeding is random, so there is no social system to Dorosoma cepedianum spawning. (Klingel 1990, SCBASS Federation 2001)
Dorosoma cepedianum --- Dorosoma cepedianum reproduces like many fish and even mammals do: one female mates with many males to ensure fertilization.
Dorosoma cepedianum --- The Dorosoma cepedianum incubation period is two to four days, depending on the water temperature and environmental conditions.
Dosidicus gigas --- Dosidicus gigas is believed to have only one reproductive cycle during their lifetime.
Dosidicus gigas --- Dosidicus gigas only has one reproductive cycle during their lifetime, so they are known as monocyclic.
Dracaena fragrans --- Nests are typically placed 0.3 to 2 meters above ground, often in Dracaena fragrans axils or at the base of a branch.
Dracunculus insignis --- The rare occurrence of Dracunculus insignis males is due to their death directly following mating.
Dracunculus insignis --- The rare occurrence of Dracunculus insignis males is due to their death directly following mating. (Barnes, 1987; Brusca and Brusca, 2003; Crichton and Beverly-Burton, 1975; Panciera and Stockham, 1988; Roberts, Janovy, and Jr., 2000)
Dromaius novaehollandiae --- If mud is not available, the birds may use animal dung, including that of Dromaius novaehollandiae.
Dromiciops gliroides --- Dromiciops gliroides breeds in the spring and has one litter of 1-4 young per year.
Drosophila melanogaster --- As in all insect species Drosophila melanogaster lays eggs.
Dryocopus pileatus --- Dryocopus pileatus is oviparous, its incubation period is approximately 12-14 days.
Dryocopus pileatus --- Nest sites are usually in dark places such as caves or hollow trees (Vaux&#8217;s swifts (Chaetura vauxi) will nest in the cavities made by pileated woodpeckers (Dryocopus pileatus)).
Dryomys nitedula --- Dryomys nitedula can be expected to live up to 5.5 years in the wild.
Dryomys nitedula --- Dryomys nitedula can be expected to live up to 5.5 years in the wild. (Haberl, 1999)
Dryomys nitedula --- Lifespans of four years have been reported for other wild dormice (Dryomys nitedula and Muscardinus avellanarius).
Muscardinus avellanarius --- Lifespans of four years have been reported for other wild dormice (Dryomys nitedula and Muscardinus avellanarius).
Dumetella carolinensis --- They may lay eggs in the nest of other yellow-billed cuckoos, or in the nests of other bird species, including Coccyzus erythropthalmus, Turdus americanus, Dumetella carolinensis and Hylocichla mustelina.
Dumetella carolinensis --- Turdus americanus, Dumetella carolinensis and Hylocichla mustelina.
E. alpestris --- Breeding often occurs very early in the spring, but most E. alpestris begin breeding in June.
E. blennioides --- Darters such as E. blennioides are also extremely sensitive to siltation and turbidity.
E. coqui --- Maximum lifespan of E. coqui is not known but individuals have been found in the wild up to 6 years old.
E. coqui --- The bananaquit (Coereba flaveola portoricensis), Puerto Rican bullfinch (Loxigilla portoricensis) and Puerto Rican tody (Todus mexicanus) are all birds which share nests with E. coqui.
E. forficatus --- There is no specific information available on the lifespan of E. forficatus, but the lifespan of one Elanus leucurus was recorded to be nearly 6 years.
E. fulvus --- An individual which was a hybrid of E. fulvus and Eulemur macaco lived for 39 years in captivity.
E. fulvus --- It is likely that E. fulvus is similar.
E. granti --- One source suggests that the young of E. granti are evicted from mother's area when they weigh approximately 35 to 45 g.
E. horridus --- The lifespan of E. horridus is not known.
E. major --- There is little available information on the parental investment of E. major, but observations of their relative E. spelaea show that the young take hold of a nipple shortly after parturition.
E. major --- There is no information about reproductive behavior in E. major but there is some information on its closest relative, E. spelaea.
E. onager --- If E. onager is like other horses, maternal dominance status affects status of the young within the herd.
E. onager --- The maximum lifespan of E. onager is reported to be approximately 40 years.
E. rozeti --- The longest known lifespan of a E. rozeti was about 7 years, though the age of the animal was not scientifically determined.
E. ruber --- Although information on actual lifespan of E. ruber is limited, data on its North American relative, Eudocimus albus, can be used as an adequate estimate.
E. ruber --- Although information on actual lifespan of E. ruber is limited, data on its North American version, Eudocimus Albus, can be used as an adequate estimate.
E. ruber --- Although information on actual lifespan of E. ruber is limited, data on its North American version, Eudocimus Albus, can be used as an adequate estimate. Eudocimus Albus usually lives for about 16 years in the wild and 20 years in captivity; the oldest known captive individual lived 31 years. (Hancock, Kushlan, and Kahl, 1992; Hill, 2001; Ricklefs, 2000)
E. ruber --- Young E. ruber are altricial, when they first hatch, they are helpless and cannot even hold up their heads.
E. semivillosus --- Average number of offspring for E. semivillosus is 2. (Nowak, 2004; Woods, 1982)
E. spelaea --- There is conflicting information on the cycle/pattern of estrus as well as birth in E. spelaea females.
E. spelaea --- There is little available information on the parental investment of E. major, but observations of their relative E. spelaea show that the young take hold of a nipple shortly after parturition.
E. spelaea --- There is no information about reproductive behavior in E. major but there is some information on its closest relative, E. spelaea.
E. triquetra --- Michigan, reproduction of E. triquetra probably occurs from mid-July to August when water temperatures are from 21 to 27 degrees C.
E. vancoveri --- Eudistylia polymorpha and E. vancoveri, implying that hybridization between the two species may occur.
E. vancoveri --- Many individuals have been found with characteristics of both Eudistylia polymorpha and E. vancoveri, implying that hybridization between the two species may occur. (Fox 1994; Strathmann, 1987)
E. zebra --- Most E. zebra foals leave their maternal herds in summer.
Echeneis naucrates --- Newly-hatched Echeneis naucrates are 4.7-7.5 mm long, have a large yolk sac, non-pigmented eyes, and an incompletely formed body.
Echeneis naucrates --- When the newly-hatched Echeneis naucrates are still developing, the sucking device begins forming.
Echimys semivillosus --- Female Echimys semivillosus birth their young in arboreal dens.
Echinococcus multilocularis --- Adults of Echinococcus multilocularis are monoecious, they possess all parts of both male and female systems and reproduce by self-fertilization.
Echinophthirius horridus --- Echinophthirius horridus reproduces only when its seal hosts are on land (Thompson, 1998).
Echymipera kalubu --- Echymipera kalubu is very fecund as breeding occurs throughout the year and begins at a very early age.
Echymipera kalubu --- The gestation period for Echymipera kalubu is 120 days and frequently, one to three young are found in the female's pouch. Anderson, et al.
Egretta thula --- Egretta thula has a 71.6% mortality rate during its first year and a 31.4% mortality rate during years 2 to 17.
Egretta thula --- Egretta thula has been subject to nematode parasitism, which causes death.
Egretta thula --- Egretta thula may also reuse old nests.
Egretta thula --- Snowy egrets generally live between 2 and 17 years. Egretta thula has been subject to nematode parasitism, which causes death.
Egretta tricolor --- The chicks of the Egretta tricolor hatch over a several day period making the first chick to hatch more experienced at food foraging and aggressive encounters with other chicks in his/her brood.
Egretta tricolor --- The female Egretta tricolor lays, on average, 3-4 bluish colored eggs once a year.
Eidolon helvum --- Fifteen years is the expected life span of Eidolon helvum.
Eidolon helvum --- The highest lifespans in captivity of other Pteropodidae species include: straw-colored fruit bats (Eidolon helvum), 21.8 years; flying foxes (Pteropus), 31.4 years; and rousette fruit bats (Rousettus), 22.9 years.
Eidolon helvum --- The highest lifespans in captivity of other Pteropodidae species include: straw-colored fruit bats (Eidolon helvum), 21.8 years; flying foxes (Pteropus), 31.4 years; and rousette fruit bats (Rousettus), 22.9 years. (Jones, 1982)
Eira barbara --- Some believe that the estrous cycle of Eira barbara is seasonal, with births occuring in March and July.
Elanus leucurus --- There is no specific information available on the lifespan of E. forficatus, but the lifespan of one Elanus leucurus was recorded to be nearly 6 years.
Elanus leucurus --- There is no specific information available on the lifespan of E. forficatus, but the lifespan of one Elanus leucurus was recorded to be nearly 6 years. (Clapp, Klimkiewicz, and Kennard, 1982; National Audubon Society, 2001)
Elephantulus --- The lifespan of the Rock Elephant Shrew is not generally well known though the general lifespan of some Elephantulus species is thought to be near 4 to 6 years in the wild and 1.5 to 3 years in captivity (Rathbun & Fons 1990).
Elephantulus rozeti --- Elephantulus rozeti individuals breed seasonally, usually from January to August, depending on their environment.
Elephantulus rufescens --- Elephantulus rufescens form monogamous pairs when they mate and share a territory of about 0.34 ha.
Elephantulus rufescens --- Elephantulus rufescens have a gestation period of about two months.
Elephantulus rufescens --- However, mating behavior of Elephantulus rufescens was observed in the lab.
Eleutherodactylus coqui --- Eleutherodactylus coqui reproduce year round, but reproduction rates increase during the rainy season.
Eliomys quercinus --- Eliomys quercinus and Graphiurus murinus each live 5 to 6 years in captivity (Carey and Judge 2002). (Carey and Judge, 2002; Ruf et al., 2006)
Eliomys quercinus --- Eliomys quercinus form a vaginal plug after mating.
Eliomys quercinus --- Eliomys quercinus form a vaginal plug after mating. (Asdell, 1964; Burton and Burton, 1969; Nowak, 1999)
Eliomys quercinus --- The lifespan of Eliomys quercinus can reach five and a half years in captivity.
Eliomys quercinus --- The polyestrus Eliomys quercinus has a breeding season from May to October in areas of Europe and Morocco.
Eliomys quercinus --- Young Eliomys quercinus are born in a nest which is larger than the sleeping nests typical of this species.
Elliptio dilatata --- In the Huron River in Michigan, Elliptio dilatata was gravid from mid-May to early August.
Elliptio dilatata --- Michigan, Elliptio dilatata was gravid from mid-May to early August.
Empidonax flaviventris --- Empidonax flaviventris nests on or near the ground.
Empidonax hammondii --- Empidonax hammondii females have 3-4 whitish or yellowish eggs and incubate the eggs for 12-15 days.
Emydoidea blandingii --- In this species, the sex of the hatchling is independent of incubation temperature, a departure from the trend in closely related emydid species (such as Clemmys guttata and Emydoidea blandingii) in which embryonic sex differentiation is directly related to nest temperatures during the middle third of the incubation period (Ewert and Nelson, 1991).
Emys orbicularis --- After reaching sexual maturity at age 5 to 6 years, adult Emys orbicularis mate and the female produces approximately eight to ten white, hard-shelled, elongate eggs per clutch, averaging 15 to 25 mm in length, which are laid on land.
Emys orbicularis --- Records have shown average Emys orbicularis turtles living fifteen years or longer and adults may potentially live for decades.
Enoplosus armatus --- The reproduction of Enoplosus armatus has not been well studied.
Ensis directus --- There are separate male and female sexes in Ensis directus.
Enterobius vermicularis --- The life cycle of Enterobius vermicularis is about two months long. Enterobius vermicularis is common among children because thumb-sucking is common at this age.
Eonycteris major --- There is little available information on mating systems in Eonycteris major.
Epioblasma torulosa --- Other Epioblasma species have recently been observed trapping fish hosts within their valves, and Epioblasma torulosa may do the same.
Epioblasma torulosa --- Other Epioblasma species have recently been observed trapping fish hosts within their valves, and Epioblasma torulosa may do the same. (Barnhart and Roston, 2005; Environment Canada, 2004b; Lefevre and Curtis, 1912; Watters, 1995)
Epomorphorus gambianus --- Epomorphorus gambianus breeds twice annually, with births occurring during the rainy seasons.
Eptesicus fuscus --- Eptesicus fuscus employs delayed fertilization as a reproductive strategy.
Equus hemionus --- Equus hemionus are monogamous.
Equus hemionus --- Most Equus hemionus live between four and eight years.
Equus hemionus --- Nowak (1999) reports that lactation in female Equus hemionus (a species of wild ass in which some authorities include onagers) nurse their young for between 1 and 1.5 years.
Equus kiang --- Male Equus kiang mob females and guard them from rival males.
Equus zebra zebra --- Equus zebra zebra young leave their maternal herds of their own volition.
Eremitalpa granti --- Eremitalpa granti is believed to give birth to one to two naked, virtually helpless young.
Eremophila alpestris --- The longest living known individuals are an 8 year, 5 month old skylark (Alauda arvensis) and a 7 year 11 month old horned lark (Eremophila alpestris).
Erinaceus europaeus --- Most published research on hedgehog mating behaviors is of European hedgehog mating (Erinaceus europaeus) and there is little data available for P. micropus.
Erpetoichthys calabaricus --- Erpetoichthys calabaricus has external fertilization of eggs with sperm.
Esox americanus --- Esox americanus is one of the earliest spawning fishes in the spring.
Esox lucius --- With their insatiable eating habits young Esox lucius grow rapidly in both length and weight.
Estheostma blennioides --- The breeding season of Estheostma blennioides is from April to June; spawning activity peaks in May.
Etheostoma blennioides --- Etheostoma blennioides typically lives up to 3 or 4 years in the wild.
Etheostoma blennioides --- The only additional parental investment observed in Etheostoma blennioides is the guarding of fertilized eggs by the male parent (Radabaugh, 1989).
Etheostoma nigrum --- However in the closely related Johnny darters, Etheostoma nigrum, suggested lifespan is 3 years.
Etheostoma nigrum --- However in the closely related Johnny darters, Etheostoma nigrum, suggested lifespan is 3 years. ("Kentucky AWAKE", 2005; "Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources", 2003)
Eubalaena australis --- However, it is likely that mating is similar to other right whale species: Eubalaena australis and Eubalaena glacialis.
Eubalaena glacialis --- However, it is likely that mating is similar to other right whale species: Eubalaena australis and Eubalaena glacialis.
Eubalaena glacialis --- An individual Eubalaena glacialis was confirmed living to at least 67 years old and their close relatives, bowhead whales (Balaena mysticetus) have been confirmed living to nearly 200 years old.
Eubalaena glacialis --- Eubalaena glacialis copulates from December to March, when most of the young are born.
Eubalaena glacialis --- In northern Atlantic right whales (Eubalaena glacialis) males and females reach sexual maturity at lengths of about 15 m, corresponding to ages of about 5 to 10 years of age.
Eubalaena glacialis --- In northern Atlantic right whales (Eubalaena glacialis) males and females reach sexual maturity at lengths of about 15 m, corresponding to ages of about 5 to 10 years of age. Northern Pacific right whales are up to 6 meters long when they are born and they grow quickly for their few years, reaching lengths up to 12 m by 18 months old.
Eubalaena glacialis --- Sometimes, as with northern right whales (Eubalaena glacialis), courtship behavior can be observed at the surface.
Eubalaena japonica --- Mating systems have not been described for Eubalaena japonica.
Eudistylia polymorpha --- Many individuals have been found with characteristics of both Eudistylia polymorpha and E. vancoveri, implying that hybridization between the two species may occur. (Fox 1994; Strathmann, 1987)
Eudocimus Albus --- Although information on actual lifespan of E. ruber is limited, data on its North American version, Eudocimus Albus, can be used as an adequate estimate.
Eudocimus Albus --- Although information on actual lifespan of E. ruber is limited, data on its North American version, Eudocimus Albus, can be used as an adequate estimate. Eudocimus Albus usually lives for about 16 years in the wild and 20 years in captivity; the oldest known captive individual lived 31 years. (Hancock, Kushlan, and Kahl, 1992; Hill, 2001; Ricklefs, 2000)
Eudocimus Albus --- Eudocimus Albus usually lives for about 16 years in the wild and 20 years in captivity; the oldest known captive individual lived 31 years. (Hancock, Kushlan, and Kahl, 1992; Hill, 2001; Ricklefs, 2000)
Eudocimus albus --- Although information on actual lifespan of E. ruber is limited, data on its North American relative, Eudocimus albus, can be used as an adequate estimate.
Eudocimus albus --- Eudocimus albus usually lives for about 16 years in the wild and 20 years in captivity; the oldest known captive individual lived 31 years.
Eudocimus albus --- Eudocimus albus usually lives for about 16 years in the wild and 20 years in captivity; the oldest known captive individual lived 31 years. (Hancock, Kushlan, and Kahl, 1992; Hill, 2001; Ricklefs, 2000)
Eudocimus ruber --- Eudocimus ruber begins visiting its colonial nesting sites by mid-September, egg-laying takes place between early November through December.
Eudocimus ruber --- Eudocimus ruber has a colonial and social breeding system.
Eudyptes robustus --- Eudyptes robustus builds the nest under trees and shrubs to shield themselves from the sun.
Eudyptes robustus --- There are around 135 breeding colonies for Eudyptes robustus on Snares Island, with approximately two nests per square meter.
Eudyptes schlegeli --- Eudyptes schlegeli are known to breed in both large and small colonies.
Eudyptes sclateri --- Eudyptes sclateri pairs breed in large colonies usually with rockhopper penguins (Eudyptes chrysocome).
Eudyptes chrysocome --- Eudyptes sclateri pairs breed in large colonies usually with rockhopper penguins (Eudyptes chrysocome).
Eudyptes sclateri --- Eudyptes sclateri pairs breed in large colonies usually with rockhopper penguins (Eudyptes chrysocome).
Eudyptula minor --- Eudyptula minor reaches sexual maturity after about three years of life in both sexes (Marchant & Higgins 1990; Heather & Robertson 1997).
Eudyptula minor --- The breeding season for Eudyptula minor is between August and December, with peak egg laying in August and November.
Eulemur coronatus --- Eulemur coronatus is probably like other members in the genus in regard to lifespan.
Eulemur fulvus --- However, another member of the genus, Eulemur fulvus is known to have reached an age of 36 years in captivity.
Eulemur macaco --- An individual which was a hybrid of E. fulvus and Eulemur macaco lived for 39 years in captivity.
Eulipoa wallacei --- Species that use clumped geothermal incubation sites may aggregate in large numbers (over 50,000) onto communal incubation sites. Megapodius spp., Eulipoa wallacei, and perhaps Talegalla are thought to exhibit female-defense monogamy.
Eumops --- Eumops genus, Eumops dabbenei males have a throat sac that swells with a phermone-laden musk during the breeding season.
Eumops dabbenei --- Like some other members of the Eumops genus, Eumops dabbenei males have a throat sac that swells with a phermone-laden musk during the breeding season.
Eumops genus --- Like some other members of the Eumops genus, Eumops dabbenei males have a throat sac that swells with a phermone-laden musk during the breeding season.
Eumops perotis --- Eumops perotis is a eutherian with a gestation period of approximately 80 to 90 days.
Euoticus elegantulus --- Euoticus elegantulus has no fixed breeding season.
Eupetaurus cinereus --- Very little is actually known about the reproduction of Eupetaurus cinereus.
Euphonia luteicapilla --- Euphonia luteicapilla builds covered nests with a side entrance.
Euphydryas editha --- Euphydryas editha are protandrous - males typically emerge four to eight days prior to the emergence of females.
Euplectella aspergillum --- Details of reproduction of Euplectella aspergillum are not known, therefore we can only explain the normal forms of reproduction in Porifera in general.
Euplectella aspergillum --- Some sponges have two sexes, and individuals have only one sex, but it is likely that Euplectella aspergillum is hermaphroditic, producing both male and female gametes at different times.
Eupodotis senegalensis --- Courtship feeding in white-bellied bustards (Eupodotis senegalensis) suggests monogamous pairing in some bustards, but this has not been reported in Kori bustards.
Eupodotis senegalensis --- Courtship feeding in white-bellied bustards (Eupodotis senegalensis) suggests monogamous pairing in some bustards, but this has not been reported in Kori bustards. ("BirdLife International", 2007; Hallager and Boylan, 2004; Parker et al., 1997) The breeding season is different in the two subspecies of Kori bustards.
Eupodotis senegalensis --- Courtship feeding in white-bellied bustards (Eupodotis senegalensis) suggests monogamous pairing in some bustards, but this has not been reported in Kori bustards. The breeding season is different in the two subspecies of Kori bustards.
Eurycea nana --- There is only vague information on the reproduction of Eurycea nana and eggs have never been found in nature.
Eurycea rathbuni --- Little is known about the reproduction of Eurycea rathbuni.
Eurycea sosorum --- It is believed the Eurycea sosorum may deposit it's eggs in the Edwards Aquifer which feeds the pools where they live.
Eurycea sosorum --- Not many details of the reproduction of Eurycea sosorum are known.
Eurytides marcellus --- An adult Eurytides marcellus butterfly can live up to 6 months in its natural environment. (Holland, 1910; Parenti, 1972; Tveten and Tveten, 1996)
F. s. silvestris --- European wild cats (F. s. silvestris) breeding occurs in late winter (January to March) and births occur in the spring, usually in May.
F. tunnunculus --- There is little data on the lifespan of F. tunnunculus in the wild.
Falco biarmicus --- Falco biarmicus is monogamous; both males and females engage in elaborate flying and loud crying as part of the courtship display. (del Hoyo, Elliott, and Sargatal, 1994) The breeding season for Falcon biarmicus varies significantly throughout its range.
Falco biarmicus --- Falco biarmicus is monogamous; both males and females engage in elaborate flying and loud crying as part of the courtship display. The breeding season for Falcon biarmicus varies significantly throughout its range.
Falco biarmicus --- Relatively little information is available about the mating system of Falco biarmicus.
Falco biarmicus --- There is little information about parental investment in Falco biarmicus.
Falco biarmicus --- We do not have information on the lifespan of Falco biarmicus at this time.
Falco columbarius --- During the nesting period, Falco columbarius become highly aggressive towards other raptors and crows in the area.
Falco columbarius --- Falco columbarius: Breeds throughout northern Europe, Asia and North America.
Falco columbarius --- This aggressive behavior towards other predatory birds is beneficial to other woodland song and ground birds in the nesting range; since Falco columbarius hunts only in open country, thereby leaving the woodland birds relatively free from predators during the mating season.
Falco columbarius bendirei --- Falco columbarius bendirei: Breeds in northwestern Alaska to northern Saskatchewan and into northern California.
Falco columbarius columbarius --- Falco columbarius columbarius: Breeds in eastern Canada to the eastern border of the Great Plains and southwards into Nova Scotia and northern Michigan.
Falco columbarius richardsoni --- Falco columbarius richardsoni: Breeding range is located in the Great Plains from southern Alberta and Saskatchewan to northern Montana and North Dakota.
Falco columbarius suckleyi --- Falco columbarius suckleyi: Breeding occurs only in western British Columbia and perhaps on Vancouver Island.
Falco eleonorae --- There is no information available on lifespan in Falco eleonorae.
Falco mexicanus --- One calculation predicted Falco mexicanus longevity to be 15.6 years.
Falco peregrinus --- Some of the oldest known falconids include a crested caracara (Caracara cheriway) and a peregrine falcon (Falco peregrinus), both of which lived to 22 years old. ("Falcons and Caracaras (Falconidae)", 2002; Snyder, 2001)
Falco peregrinus --- The mating system is similar to that of peregrine falcons (Falco peregrinus) and gryfalcons (Falco rusticolus).
Falco rusticolus --- The mating system is similar to that of peregrine falcons (Falco peregrinus) and gryfalcons (Falco rusticolus).
Falcon biarmicus --- Falco biarmicus is monogamous; both males and females engage in elaborate flying and loud crying as part of the courtship display. (del Hoyo, Elliott, and Sargatal, 1994) The breeding season for Falcon biarmicus varies significantly throughout its range.
Falcon biarmicus --- Falco biarmicus is monogamous; both males and females engage in elaborate flying and loud crying as part of the courtship display. The breeding season for Falcon biarmicus varies significantly throughout its range.
Farancia erythrogramma --- Very little is known about the courtship and mating behavior of Farancia erythrogramma.
Felis chaus --- Felis chaus has a polyestrous reproductive cycle.
Feresa attenuata --- Little is known about the reproduction of Feresa attenuata.
Feresa attenuata --- Nothing is known of the birthing habits of melon-headed whales (their close relatives, Feresa attenuata, generally have only 1 calf).
Fossa fossana --- Fossa fossana form pairs around the time of mating, and each pair may have a home range of about a square mile during the mating season.
Fratercula cirrhata --- Fratercula cirrhata usually begin breeding in April, although mating activity has been seen as early as March and as late as May in some cases.
Fratercula coniculata --- When Fratercula coniculata has reached this stage, they return to land in the summer to breed.
Fundulus heteroclitus --- Fundulus heteroclitus have the ability to spawn up to eight times in one season (Rutherford, 1996).
Fundulus heteroclitus --- The breeding patterns of Fundulus heteroclitus have been studied intensely.
Fundulus heteroclitus --- When hatched, the larva of Fundulus heteroclitus are approximately seven millimeters long.
Furcifer lateralis --- Furcifer lateralis matures in a very short period of time, and are generally able to reproduce by three months of age.
Fusconaia flava --- Fusconaia flava is a short-term brooder.
G. alleni --- In captivity G. alleni has been found to live about 12 years.
G. arenarius --- The gestation period of G. arenarius is 18 to 19 days and females have 3 to 4 offspring per reproductive effort.
G. aurita --- However, because G. aurita is a mammal, we know that females provide extensive maternal care.
G. bengalensis --- The breeding season of G. bengalensis is from October to March.
G. brownii --- Geocapromys ingrahami and G. brownii, breed year round.
G. brownii --- Little is known about the mating system of prehensile-tailed hutias, but two species in the same family, Geocapromys ingrahami and G. brownii, breed year round.
G. californianus --- The lifespan of G. californianus is 7 to 8 years.
G. capensis --- Information on the mating system of G. capensis is not available.
G. comissarisi --- G. comissarisi is unknown, but an individual of a related species, G. soricina lived to 10 years in captivity.
G. cuja --- Gestation in G. cuja is complete after about 40 days, when 2 to 4 offspring are produced.
G. dorcas --- Depending on local climate, a group of G. dorcas will consist of one or two males with a harem of females or just a male-female pair.
G. fasciata --- If G. fasciata is like other Malagasy herpestids, specifically Mungotictis decemlineata, the young may remain with the mother until sexually mature, around the age of 2 years.
G. fasciata --- Nothing is known about parental investment of G. fasciata.
G. grandidieri --- Although other details on the reproduction of G. grandidieri are lacking, other species of mongoose on Madagascar have gestation lengths of 72 to 92 days (Galidia elegans) and 90-105 days (Muncgotictis decemlineata).
G. grandidieri --- No specific studies have been conducted on the development of G. grandidieri, but it seems that it is similar to that of other members of the mongoose family.
G. granti --- The mother-fawn relationship is the only persistent relationship in G. granti.
G. ingrahami --- Bahamanian hutias, G. ingrahami, have been observed mating and may use vocalizations to attract partners.
G. ingrahami --- Observations of G. ingrahami in captivity show that females will defend their young.
G. ingrahami --- There is no available information on the lifespan of M. prehensilis, but G. ingrahami can reach the age of 6 years in the wild. (Clough, 1974)
G. piscivora --- Nothing is currently known about the the methods of parental care used by G. piscivora.
G. piscivora --- There is currently no available information about the lifespan of G. piscivora.
G. pseudogeographica konii --- A male G. pseudogeographica konii that was caught as a juvenile, lived for 35 years and 5 months at the Columbus Zoo.
G. soricina --- G. comissarisi is unknown, but an individual of a related species, G. soricina lived to 10 years in captivity.
G. venusta --- No information on reproduction is available for G. venusta.
G. vittata --- Greater grisons (G. vittata) have lived more than 10 years in captivity.
G. zanzibaricus --- Female G. zanzibaricus mature sexually at around 265 days of age.
G. zanzibaricus --- The longest lifespan of a captive G. zanzibaricus is 12.2 years. ("An Age entry for Galagoides zanzibaricus", 2005)
Gabon bushbabies --- Although gestation length could not be found in the primary literature for Gabon bushbabies, gestation length in other Galago species can range from 111 days to 142 days (Charles-Dominique, 1977a), with smaller species exhibiting shorter gestational lengths.
Galago alleni --- Galago alleni build nests for their young and sometimes share the care of young with other females with infants.
Galago alleni --- Other aspects of their reproduction may be similar to their close relative, Galago alleni.
Galago demidoff --- Although data are lacking for G. thomasi, other Galago, such as Galago demidoff, breed year-round.
Galago demidoff --- The closely related Galago demidoff has been known to live 13 years in the captivity. (Rowe, 1996)
Galago moholi --- Galago moholi copulations in the wild last on average 9 minutes, with 2 to 5 prolonged mounts punctuated with rest and grooming (Pullen et al., 2002).
Galago moholi --- Galago moholi is probably similar.
Galago moholi --- Galago moholi is probably similar. (Nowak, 1999)
Galago senegalensis --- Another member of the genus, Galago senegalensis, is reported to have reached a maximum age of nearly 19 years in captivity.
Galago thomasi --- Studies of the reproductive behavior of Galago thomasi are lacking.
Galago thomasi --- The lifespan of Galago thomasi is not reported in the literature.
Galago thomasi --- Information on the gestation period and the number of offspring born are not available for Galago thomasi, however, in Galago demidoff females have a gestation period of 111 to 114 days and one young at a time.
Galago demidoff --- Information on the gestation period and the number of offspring born are not available for Galago thomasi, however, in Galago demidoff females have a gestation period of 111 to 114 days and one young at a time.
Galerella sanguinea --- Galerella sanguinea are believed to reach sexual maturity between 1 and 2 years of age, and may live to be 10 years old.
Galerella sanguinea --- In Galerella sanguinea, the male takes no part in the raising of the young.
Galidia elegans --- A Galidia elegans is reported to have lived over 24 years in captivity.
Galidia elegans --- Although other details on the reproduction of G. grandidieri are lacking, other species of mongoose on Madagascar have gestation lengths of 72 to 92 days (Galidia elegans) and 90-105 days (Muncgotictis decemlineata).
Galidia elegans --- Galidia elegans breed seasonally, from April until November.
Galidictis fasciata --- Galidictis fasciata is probably similar to the other Malagasy herpestids in these characteristics, but more research is needed to know for sure.
Galidictis fasciata --- Galidictis fasciata is probably similar to the other Malagasy herpestids in these characteristics, but more research is needed to know for sure. (Nowak, 1999)
Gallicolumba luzonica --- Gallicolumba luzonica has a very long lifespan, usually living 15 years in the wild.
Gammarus fasciatus --- Unlike other Crustacea, the young Gammarus fasciatus do not undergo metamorphosis. (Larousse Encyclopedia of the Animal World 1975; Meglitsch 1991; Pearse 1987; McMaster University)
Gasteropelecus sternicla --- Research has shown that Gasteropelecus sternicla only breed for a short period coinciding with the start of the rainy season.
Gavialis gangeticus --- The only record of longevity in Gavialis gangeticus is of a captive individual at the London Zoo, where one was estimated at 29 years old.
Gazella dorcas --- In captivity Gazella dorcas can live up to 15 years.
Gehyra vorax --- Gehyra vorax lays its eggs under loose bark, in tree hollows, or in the ceilings of houses (McCoy, 1980).
Gehyra vorax --- Like some other members of the family Gekkonidae, Gehyra vorax uses vocalizations when trying to find a mate or marking its territory.
Genetta genetta --- Presumed to be similar to Genetta genetta with the range of single male overlapping that of several females, and from 1-2 reproductive cycles per year depending upon latitude.
Genetta tigrina --- Very little is known about the reproductive patterns in Genetta tigrina.
Geocapromys brownii --- Geocapromys brownii have been known to breed throughout the year in the wild, producing two to three litters annually.
Geocapromys brownii --- Geocapromys brownii produces 1 to 3 young after a 123 day gestation period; the young can eat solid foods roughly 30 hours after birth.
Geocapromys ingrahami --- Geocapromys ingrahami lives up to 12 years and the reproduction rate is low.
Geocapromys ingrahami --- Little is known about the mating system of prehensile-tailed hutias, but two species in the same family, Geocapromys ingrahami and G. brownii, breed year round.
Georychus capensis --- Georychus capensis may live as long as 3 years in the wild.
Georychus capensis --- Georychus capensis may live as long as 3 years in the wild. (Nowak, 1999)
Gerbillurus setzeri --- Gerbillurus setzeri breeds year round.
Gerbillurus setzeri --- Information about the postnatal development of Gerbillurus setzeri has been difficult to observe primarily because they are difficult to breed in captivity.
Giraffa camelopardalis --- For Giraffa camelopardalis, conception occurs in the rainy season, with birth occurring in the dry months.
Giraffa camelopardalis --- Giraffa camelopardalis have a life expectancy between 20 to 27 years in zoos.
Giraffa camelopardalis --- Most notable in this regard are Artiodactyla such as Connochaetes or Giraffa camelopardalis.
Glaucidium californicum --- Glaucidium californicum breed from April to early June (Birds 2000).
Glaucidium californicum --- Glaucidium californicum have clutch sizes that range from 3 to 7, which the female incubates for about 29 days while the male is responsible for bringing back food to the nest.
Glironia venusta --- Bushy-tailed opossums have four mammae, which limits their litter size. No data has been collected on parental investment in Glironia venusta.
Glironia venusta --- No studies have been published about the lifespan of Glironia venusta.
Glis glis --- Glirids breed in the spring and summer, though wild populations of edible dormice (Glis glis) may skip reproduction altogether in years of low food abundance (Ruf et al.
Glis glis --- Wild edible dormice (Glis glis) have been reported to live up to 12 years.
Glossophaga soricina --- Reproductive behavior varies somewhat geographically, though most accounts indicate that Glossophaga soricina either breeds continuously throughout the year or is bimodally polyestrous.
Glyptemys insculpta --- While mounted, the male may thump the female's shell with his plastron, a behavior common in related wood turtles (Glyptemys insculpta).
Gobiosoma oceanops --- However, there is evidence that some gobies recognize mates as individuals (Gobiosoma oceanops), possibly through olfactory cues.
Gorgonia ventalina --- The tumors observed on Gorgonia ventalina exposed to environmental stresses include the presence of pollutants, rising water temperature, increased nutrient concentrations, and increased turbidity.
Gorgonia ventalina --- There are several potential causes of death for Gorgonia ventalina.
Graphiurus murinus --- Eliomys quercinus and Graphiurus murinus each live 5 to 6 years in captivity (Carey and Judge 2002). (Carey and Judge, 2002; Ruf et al., 2006)
Graptemys --- This is a unique characteristic, because not all species within Graptemys share this number or arrangement of chromosomes (Bartlett 1999; Ernst 1994; Line 1998; White 1986).
Graptemys flavimaculata --- The reproductive habits of Graptemys flavimaculata are poorly studied.
Graptemys flavimaculata --- It is believed that Graptemys flavimaculata have a similar reproductive pattern to other related Graptemys species which reach reproductive maturity between the ages of 6 to 9 years.
Graptemys --- It is believed that Graptemys flavimaculata have a similar reproductive pattern to other related Graptemys species which reach reproductive maturity between the ages of 6 to 9 years.
Graptemys --- Generally, species within the Graptemys genus produce mostly males at temperatures lower than 28 degrees Celsius and mostly females at temperatures 30 degrees Celsius or above, although specific temperatures for Graptemys versa have not been found.
Graptemys versa --- Generally, species within the Graptemys genus produce mostly males at temperatures lower than 28 degrees Celsius and mostly females at temperatures 30 degrees Celsius or above, although specific temperatures for Graptemys versa have not been found.
Graptemys pseudogeographica --- Graptemys pseudogeographica mate twice a year in April and again in October and November.
Grus japonensis --- Grus japonensis breeds in the spring and summer.
Grus leucogeranus --- Grus leucogeranus individuals are monogamous.
Grus leucogeranus --- The lifespan of Grus leucogeranus in the wild is unknown at this time, but predicted longevity is shorter than highest lifespans reached in captivity.
Grus leucogeranus --- The lifespan of Grus leucogeranus in the wild is unknown at this time, but predicted longevity is shorter than highest lifespans reached in captivity. (Friedman, 1992)
Gymnobelideus leadbeateri --- A closely related species, Leadbeater's possums (Gymnobelideus leadbeateri), live more than 10 years in captivity.
Gymnobelideus leadbeateri --- Australia, Gymnobelideus leadbeateri has a very short gestation period.
Gymnobelideus leadbeateri --- Leadbeater's possums (Gymnobelideus leadbeateri), live more than 10 years in captivity.
Gymnobelideus leadbeateri --- Similar to most marsupials in Australia, Gymnobelideus leadbeateri has a very short gestation period.
Gymnogyps californianus --- On reaching full maturity, male Gymnogyps californianus make courtship displays of outspread wings and head bobbing.
Gymnogyps californianus --- Young Gymnogyps californianus remain with the parents for up to a year before leaving the nest; the young begin to fly at 6 to 7 months.
Gymnogyps californianus --- Young Gymnogyps californianus remain with the parents for up to a year before leaving the nest; the young begin to fly at 6 to 7 months. (Greenway 1967; Mountfort 1988)
Gymnothorax funebris --- At a given spawning site, millions of eggs are released, but significantly less are fertilized and fewer still (on the order of one in every six million) survive into adulthood. ("Gymnothorax funebris", 2003; Bertin, 1957)
Gymnothorax funebris --- The lifespan of Gymnothorax funebris is not well known.
Gymnothorax funebris --- The mating system of Gymnothorax funebris has yet to be described.
Gymnothorax funebris --- The reproductive habits of Gymnothorax funebris are not well known.
Gymnothorax mordax --- Gymnothorax mordax reproduces by external fertilization.
Gyps bengalensis --- There is little available information on the lifespan of Gyps bengalensis.
H. aureus --- Data on the longevity of H. aureus are not available.
H. aureus --- Hapalemur griseus, to which H. aureus may bear some similarity.
H. aureus --- The following data on reproduction come from another member of the same genus, Hapalemur griseus, to which H. aureus may bear some similarity. Hapalemur griseus gives birth to one or two young in October to February.
H. beatus --- Examples include Vampyrum spectrum, Lavia frons, Hipposideros galeritus, H. beatus, Nycteris hispida, N. arge, N. nana, and some Kerivoula species.
H. chrysoscelis --- Unfotunately, it was not distinguished as H. chrysoscelis or H. versicolor. The potential lifespan in captivity and the wild is unknown. (Harding, 1997)
H. commersoni --- Females may carry their young with them for about the first month of its life, as in Hipposideros fulvus, although data on H. commersoni are lacking on this facet of behavior.
H. concolor --- It is likely that H. concolor is similar.
H. gabriellae --- The only data on the lifespan of H. gabriellae is from captivity, where individuals of this species can live up to 50 years.
H. griseus --- The pups of H. griseus, however, are speculated to mature around 11 to 14 years for males and 18 to 35 years for females.
H. gymnurus --- Additional information on reproductive behavior for H. gymnurus is not available, but time of weaning is three to four weeks, and sexual maturity is reached at five months in the closely related species Proechimys semispinosus.
H. hoolock --- Like all gibbon species, H. hoolock is monogamous (Nowak, 1999).
H. klossii --- The gestation period of H. klossii lasts 7 to 8 months, with one infant born every 2 to 3 years.
H. kuda --- Like other seahorses, H. kuda has an unusual mode of reproduction where the female provides the eggs but the male carries and cares for the embryos in its brooding pouch ("Project Seahorse, 2003).
H. kuda --- The natural lifespan of H. kuda and its relatives are virtually unknown ("Project Seahorse", 2003).
H. lar --- It is likely that H. lar is like other members of the genus in terms of its lifespan.
H. lepidus --- Though little specific information is available on Hylopetes fimbriatus, a close relative, H. lepidus, exhibits no specific reproduction time.
H. liberiensis --- Very little is known about the reproductive behavior of H. liberiensis in the wild.
H. nigriceps --- Lowland streaked tenrecs (Hemicentetes semispinosus) live as long as 30 months in captivity and highland streaked tenrecs (H. nigriceps) up to 3 years. How long either species lives in the wild is unknown. (Stephenson, 2007)
H. nigriceps --- The average litter size is 6.3 for lowland streaked tenrecs (H. semispinosus) and 1.3 for highland streaked tenrecs (H. nigriceps).
H. rubicundus --- Unlike other members of the family however, the male H. rubicundus spends an inordinate amount of time and energy (approximately an entire month) cleaning and preparing an inviting algal mat more than an inch thick and as large as a tire in circumference.
H. semispinosus --- The average litter size is 6.3 for lowland streaked tenrecs (H. semispinosus) and 1.3 for highland streaked tenrecs (H. nigriceps).
H. underwoodi --- Parental care in H. underwoodi has not yet been described.
H. underwoodi --- The lifespan of H. underwoodi is unknown.
H. versicolor --- Unfotunately, it was not distinguished as H. chrysoscelis or H. versicolor. The potential lifespan in captivity and the wild is unknown. (Harding, 1997)
H. yaguarondi --- In most of its tropical range, H. yaguarondi has no definitive reproductive season, and breeding may occur year-round.
H. yaguarondi --- It is not known what the lifespan of H. yaguarondi is in the wild.
H. zosterae --- Smaller species of seahorses like H. zosterae reach maturity within about 4 months.
Haematobia irritans --- In colder climates, however, the life cycle of Haematobia irritans may take up to three weeks for completion.
Haematobia irritans --- In colder climates, however, the life cycle of Haematobia irritans may take up to three weeks for completion. (Skidmore, 1985)
Haematoloechus medioplexus --- Adult Haematoloechus medioplexus are hermaphroditic (i.e., having both male and female systems), meaning that each can produce eggs.
Haematoloechus medioplexus --- Haematoloechus medioplexus go through a complex life cycle that involves seven developmental stages: the egg, the miracidium, the sporocyst, the redia, the cercaria, the metacercaria, and the adult.
Haematopinus suis --- Haematopinus suis is a permanent parasite; it spends its entire life cycle on the swine host.
Halaelurus lineatus --- In this case several eggs develop in each oviduct, and hatching time tends to be shorter (23 to 36 days in Halaelurus lineatus).
Halcyon smyrnensis --- Halcyon smyrnensis breeds seasonally and in monogamous pairs.
Haliaeetus albicilla --- Little is known about the lifespan of Steller's sea eagles, but it is thought to be similar to that of their close relatives, white-tailed sea eagles (Haliaeetus albicilla), which live 20 to 25 years in the wild.
Haliaeetus albicilla --- Little is known about the lifespan of Steller's sea eagles, but it is thought to be similar to that of their close relatives, white-tailed sea eagles (Haliaeetus albicilla), which live 20 to 25 years in the wild. ("BirdLife International Species factsheet: Haliaeetus pelagicus", 2007; "Species Synopsis Stellar Sea Eagle", 1999)
Haliaeetus albicilla --- Steller's sea eagles, but it is thought to be similar to that of their close relatives, white-tailed sea eagles (Haliaeetus albicilla), which live 20 to 25 years in the wild.
Halichoerus grypus --- In general, pinniped carnivores live longer than fissiped carnivores, with several species (odobenus rosmarus, Halichoerus grypus, Phoca hispida, Phoca caspica, and Phoca sibirica) reported to live 40 or more years in the wild.
Halichoerus grypus --- In general, pinniped carnivores live longer than fissiped carnivores, with several species (odobenus rosmarus, Halichoerus grypus, Phoca hispida, Phoca caspica, and Phoca sibirica) reported to live 40 or more years in the wild. (Carey and Judge, 2002; King, 1989)
Haliclystus auricula --- First of all, reproduction is sexual in Haliclystus auricula, but it takes place in the polyp phase.
Haliclystus auricula --- Haliclystus auricula is unusual in that it is a Schyphozoan, but it lives in the polyp stage.
Haliotis kamtschatkana --- Haliotis kamtschatkana do not mate.
Hapalemur aureus --- Hapalemur aureus is probably similarly long-lived.
Hapalemur griseus --- Hapalemur griseus gives birth to one or two young in October to February.
Hapalemur griseus --- The following data on reproduction come from another member of the same genus, Hapalemur griseus, to which H. aureus may bear some similarity. Hapalemur griseus gives birth to one or two young in October to February.
Haplonycteris fischeri --- This makes Haplonycteris fischeri the bat species with the longest known gestation period (Heidemann, 1989).
Haplophryne mollis --- After finding their mate, males attach themselves to females with hooked denticles, and in some species (Haplophryne mollis) the tissue between the two fuses; the males become permanently attached and receive nourishment from the female while the testes develop. (Bertelson and Pietsch, 1998)
Helarctos malayanus --- Births in Helarctos malayanus may occur at any time of the year.
Helix pomatia --- Helix pomatia has a mate-selection process in which they court each other for several hours.
Helix pomatia --- Helix pomatia typically selects a light, moist, deep soil in order to ensure that its eggs fully develop.
Helix pomatia --- Mating in Helix pomatia usually takes place among mature snails in the late spring and early summer, but can occur as last as October.
Heloderma suspectum --- Females may guard their eggs for some time after laying, fending off predatory Gila monsters (Heloderma suspectum) and curious humans.
Helostoma temmincki --- Besides the investment of energy that goes into spawning, Helostoma temmincki do not invest in their offspring.
Helostoma temmincki --- Helostoma temmincki are oviparous and dioecious and demonstrate external fertilization.
Hemibelideus lemuroides --- Little is known about the mating system of Hemibelideus lemuroides.
Hemibelideus lemuroides --- Young Hemibelideus lemuroides are altricial, unable to provide for themselves.
Hemicentetes semispinosus --- Lowland streaked tenrecs (Hemicentetes semispinosus) live as long as 30 months in captivity and highland streaked tenrecs (H. nigriceps) up to 3 years. How long either species lives in the wild is unknown. (Stephenson, 2007)
Hemidactylium scutatum --- It takes between two and three years for Hemidactylium scutatum to reach sexual maturity.
Hemiechinus aethiopicus --- Deaf and blind, a young Hemiechinus aethiopicus is born fairly helpless.
Hemiechinus auritus --- Hemiechinus auritus breeds only once a year, generally between July and September, and females have between 1-4 offspring per litter.
Hemiechinus auritus --- Studies of desert hedgehogs, including P. micropus, often do not specify the species, particularly in work involving both P. micropus and long-eared hedgehogs (Hemiechinus auritus), which are also native to the region.
Hemiechinus micropus --- Hemiechinus micropus will breed once per year, generally in the spring or summer between April and September.
Hemigalus derbyanus --- In the family Viverridae, of which Hemigalus derbyanus is a member, there are generally two litters per year, one in the spring and one in the fall.
Hemigalus derbyanus --- Very little is known regarding the lifespan of Hemigalus derbyanus in the wild.
Hemigalus derbyanus --- Viverridae, of which Hemigalus derbyanus is a member, there are generally two litters per year, one in the spring and one in the fall.
Hemiphractus --- Genus Hemiphractus is unique in that the eggs undergo direct development in a brood pouch on the dorsum of the female (Duellman and Trueb 1986).
Hemiphractus --- July, an Hemiphractus johnsoni was found with seventeen eggs in her dorsal pouch.
Hemiphractus johnsoni --- In the month of July, an Hemiphractus johnsoni was found with seventeen eggs in her dorsal pouch.
Hemiprocne comata --- Crested treeswift (Hemiprocne coronata) eggs are 23 to 26 by 15.5 to 19 mm, grey-rumped treeswift (Hemiprocne longipennis) eggs are 23 to 24.5 by 17 to 18 mm, whiskered treeswift (Hemiprocne comata) eggs are 12 by 15 mm and moustached treeswift (Hemiprocne mystacea) eggs are 30 by 20mm.
Hemiprocne coronata --- Crested treeswift (Hemiprocne coronata) eggs are 23 to 26 by 15.5 to 19 mm, grey-rumped treeswift (Hemiprocne longipennis) eggs are 23 to 24.5 by 17 to 18 mm, whiskered treeswift (Hemiprocne comata) eggs are 12 by 15 mm and moustached treeswift (Hemiprocne mystacea) eggs are 30 by 20mm.
Hemiprocne longipennis --- Crested treeswift (Hemiprocne coronata) eggs are 23 to 26 by 15.5 to 19 mm, grey-rumped treeswift (Hemiprocne longipennis) eggs are 23 to 24.5 by 17 to 18 mm, whiskered treeswift (Hemiprocne comata) eggs are 12 by 15 mm and moustached treeswift (Hemiprocne mystacea) eggs are 30 by 20mm.
Hemiprocne mystacea --- Crested treeswift (Hemiprocne coronata) eggs are 23 to 26 by 15.5 to 19 mm, grey-rumped treeswift (Hemiprocne longipennis) eggs are 23 to 24.5 by 17 to 18 mm, whiskered treeswift (Hemiprocne comata) eggs are 12 by 15 mm and moustached treeswift (Hemiprocne mystacea) eggs are 30 by 20mm.
Hemitragus hylocrius --- Hemitragus jemlahicus and Hemitragus hylocrius are polygamous and Hemitragus jayakari is only polygamous in captivity.
Hemitragus hylocrius --- It is interesting that Hemitragus jemlahicus and Hemitragus hylocrius are polygamous and Hemitragus jayakari is only polygamous in captivity.
Hemitragus jayakari --- It is interesting that Hemitragus jemlahicus and Hemitragus hylocrius are polygamous and Hemitragus jayakari is only polygamous in captivity.
Hemitragus jemlahicus --- It is interesting that Hemitragus jemlahicus and Hemitragus hylocrius are polygamous and Hemitragus jayakari is only polygamous in captivity.
Hemitragus jemlahicus --- Only rarely does the competitive display lead to direct head-to-head wrestling, which in Hemitragus jemlahicus has been described as "half-hearted" relative to other horned or antlered mammals. (Forsyth 1998, Forsyth and Hickling 1998, Huffman; Pare, Barrette, and Prescott 1996, Tustin 1990)
Henricia sanguinolenta --- Henricia sanguinolenta is considered a stable gonochoric.
Henricia sanguinolenta --- The larvae of Henricia sanguinolenta do not go through the free-swimming larval stage as most sea star larvae do.
Hepsetus odoe --- As with many other species of fish, Hepsetus odoe must reach a certain length before being able to breed.
Hepsetus odoe --- Hepsetus odoe are known to live 4-5 years in the wild (Montambault, 2000).
Hepsetus odoe --- Hepsetus odoe are known to live 4-5 years in the wild (Montambault, 2000). (Montambault, 2000)
Hepsetus odoe --- Spawning season usually begins after the flood season has begun; it is suspected that flood waters may actually stimulate the gonads of Hepsetus odoe.
Hepsetus odoe --- The onset of the spawning season varies depending upon the region, but the method is consistant across Hepsetus odoe populations.
Hermissenda crassicornis --- Hermissenda crassicornis is a hermaphrodite, possessing both male and female organs.
Hermissenda crassicornis --- Recent experiments have determined that the Hermissenda crassicornis produce long-term planktotrophic velliger larva.
Hermissenda crassicornis --- Self-fertilization is a very rare occurance among the Hermissenda crassicornis.
Hermissenda crassicornis --- The Hermissenda crassicornis can lay a wide range of eggs on a strand, containing from a few to a million.
Herpestes edwardsii --- Herpestes edwardsii reproduces rapidly, with females giving birth to two or three litters per year.
Heterocephalus glaber --- Heterocephalus glaber have a unique mating system among mammals.
Heterodon nasicus --- After having buried its eggs, Heterodon nasicus invests no parental care into its young.
Heterodon nasicus --- Heterodon nasicus has a life expectancy of around fourteen years in the wild.
Heterodon nasicus --- The mating season for Heterodon nasicus occurs between the months of June and August, as males actively seek out females to breed with.
Heteromys desmarestianus --- Heteromys desmarestianus breeds year-round, but during extended dry periods some males and females may become reproductively inactive.
Hexanchus griseus --- There is little information available about the lifespan of Hexanchus griseus.
Hexanchus griseus --- There is no information available pertaining to parental care for Hexanchus griseus.
Hexanchus griseus --- There is not much information pertaining to the reproductive behavior of Hexanchus griseus; however, there is some hypothetical information available.
Hexaprotodon liberiensis --- Hexaprotodon liberiensis is considered a K-selected species, which means it produces few offspring and invests a lot of energy into offspring development.
Hexaprotodon liberiensis --- The lifespan of Hexaprotodon liberiensis individuals in the wild is unknown.
Hippocampus erectus --- During courtship, female Hippocampus erectus spray between 250 and 650 eggs into the male brood pocket, depending on the size of the individual.
Hippocampus erectus --- Newborn Hippocampus erectus are about 5/8 of an inch in length, and within 8-10 months reach their maximum size of 5 inches in length.
Hippocampus erectus --- With Hippocampus erectus, as with all seahorses, it is the male that cares for the young.
Hippocampus zosterae --- Hippocampus zosterae display an eloquent courtship dance that begins each morning until copulation takes place.
Hippocampus zosterae --- Hippocampus zosterae, being a smaller species, is expected to live on average one year in the wild and in captivity (if given proper care) (Lourie et al., 2004).
Hipposideros commersoni --- Hipposideros commersoni males exhibit a form of resource defense polygyny, protecting access to areas of daylight roosts.
Hipposideros fulvus --- Females may carry their young with them for about the first month of its life, as in Hipposideros fulvus, although data on H. commersoni are lacking on this facet of behavior.
Hipposideros fulvus --- Hipposideros fulvus breeds every year in November, but it is not known how mate selection occurs. (Bates and Harrison, 1997; Madhavan, Patil, and Gopalakrishna, 1978; Nowak, 1994) Mating occurs among Hipposideros fulvus every year in mid-November.
Hipposideros fulvus --- Little is known about the expected lifespan of Hipposideros fulvus.
Hipposideros fulvus --- Mating occurs among Hipposideros fulvus every year in mid-November.
Hipposideros galeritus --- Examples include Vampyrum spectrum, Lavia frons, Hipposideros galeritus, H. beatus, Nycteris hispida, N. arge, N. nana, and some Kerivoula species.
Hippotragus niger --- Hippotragus niger females usually undergo only one estrous cycle per breeding season that last from May to July, with a peak mating in June.
Hirudo medicinalis --- Hirudo medicinalis breeds once during an annual season that spans June through August.
Hirundo rustica --- Male and female bank swallows share in incubating young, which allows them to lay eggs earlier in the season, when the weather is colder, than other swallow species (Hirundinidae) in which females only incubate eggs (such as Hirundo rustica).
Homo sapiens --- As in Homo sapiens, there is no fixed breeding season for gorillas, and females menstruate every 28 days.
Hoplomys gymnurus --- Hoplomys gymnurus gives birth to precocial young.
Hoplomys gymnurus --- Hoplomys gymnurus is considered to be monogamous because of its habitat specialization and small home range.
Hoplomys gymnurus --- In some parts of its geographic range, Hoplomys gymnurus breeds year round.
Hoplomys gymnurus --- Little is known about the lifespan of Hoplomys gymnurus.
Hydrodamalis --- Few details are known of the mating system of Hydrodamalis.
Hyla andersonii --- Hyla andersonii reproduce sexually.
Hyla regilla --- Young Hyla regilla are sexually mature at about one year of age (Krahling, 2000).
Hylobates agilis --- Hylobates agilis becomes sexually mature around the age of 8 years.
Hylobates agilis --- Hylobates agilis forms monogamous bonds.
Hylobates concolor --- Hylobates concolor is monogamous.
Hylobates leucogenys --- At this point, Hylobates leucogenys females have a menstrual cycle that lasts about twenty-eight days.
Hylobates leucogenys --- Hylobates leucogenys are monogamous.
Hylobates leucogenys --- The average lifespan of Hylobates leucogenys in the wild is twenty-eight years.
Hylobates leucogenys --- The average lifespan of Hylobates leucogenys in the wild is twenty-eight years. (Cawthon Lang, 2006)
Hylobates moloch --- Hylobates moloch is probably similar.
Hylobates syndactylus --- Hylobates syndactylus is monogamous and highly territorial.
Hylocichla mustelina --- They may lay eggs in the nest of other yellow-billed cuckoos, or in the nests of other bird species, including Coccyzus erythropthalmus, Turdus americanus, Dumetella carolinensis and Hylocichla mustelina.
Hylopetes fimbriatus --- Hylopetes fimbriatus gives birth to 2 to 4 young at a time (Niethammer, 1990).
Hylopetes fimbriatus --- Though little specific information is available on Hylopetes fimbriatus, a close relative, H. lepidus, exhibits no specific reproduction time.
Hymenolepis diminuta --- Hymenolepis diminuta has both male and female reproductive organs in the same individual.
Hymenolepis diminuta --- Once the adult Hymenolepis diminuta is embedded in the host, it can produce over 250,000 eggs per day.
Hymenolepis diminuta --- There is an extremely low chance for each egg to reach reproductive maturity and that is why Hymenolepis diminuta lays so many eggs. Recent studies have been done on the temperature tolerance of Hymenolepis diminuta eggs.
Hymenolepis nana --- Hymenolepis nana, like all tapeworms, contain both male and female reproductive structures in each proglottid (Roberts and Janovy, 2000).
Hyperolius marmoratus --- A Hyperolius marmoratus clutch consists of 150-600 small eggs that are between 1.3-1.5mm in diameter, and are within 2.5mm capsules.
Hyperolius marmoratus --- Hyperolius marmoratus females approach males in breeding ponds and initiate amplexus.
Hyperolius marmoratus --- Hyperolius marmoratus females approach males in breeding ponds and initiate amplexus. (Channing, 2001)
Hyperolius marmoratus --- In captivity Hyperolius marmoratus can live at least 4 years 9 months.
Hyperolius marmoratus --- In captivity Hyperolius marmoratus can live at least 4 years 9 months. (Channing, 2001)
Hyperoodon ampullatus --- The mating system of Hyperoodon ampullatus is believed to be polygynous, with a single mature male associating with a group of females during the mating season.
Hyperoodon planifrons --- Calving in Hyperoodon planifrons occurs in the spring or summer.
Hyperoodon planifrons --- The life span of Hyperoodon planifrons is at least 37 years.
Hyperoodon planifrons --- The life span of Hyperoodon planifrons is at least 37 years. (Tinker 1988, Nowak 1997)
Hyperoodon ampullatus --- Very little information is known about the reproductive cycle of Hyperoodon planifrons, but it probably resembles the cycle of its close relative, Hyperoodon ampullatus, northern bottlenose whales.
Hyperoodon planifrons --- Very little information is known about the reproductive cycle of Hyperoodon planifrons, but it probably resembles the cycle of its close relative, Hyperoodon ampullatus, northern bottlenose whales.
Hypoderma lineatum --- The Hypoderma lineatum cycle tends shift one to two months earlier in southern climates.
Hypoderma lineatum --- The life cycle of Hypoderma lineatum normally spans a year's time, with warbles forming most abundantly during March and April and adults normally appearing in April and May.
Hypoderma lineatum --- The life cycle of Hypoderma lineatum normally spans a year's time. (Jones, 2000; Reina et al., 2000; Scholl, 1993)
Hypogeomys antimena --- Also, in those species that live in family groups, such as Hypogeomys antimena, young females remain with their parents for more than a year, not dispersing until after their parents have a new litter. (Sommer, 2000)
Hypogeomys antimena --- Hypogeomys antimena is monogamous until one mate dies.
Hypogeomys antimena --- One species, the Malagasy giant rat (Hypogeomys antimena), has young that stay with the parents for more than one breeding season. (Kingdon, 1974; Nowak, 1999; Sommer, 2000)
Hypogeomys antimena --- The mating system has not been studied for all nesomyine species, but at least one species, the Malagasy giant rat (Hypogeomys antimena), is known to be monogamous and mate for life. (Sommer, 2000)
Hypoplectrus nigricans --- Hermaphroditism in ray-finned fishes involves individuals containing ovarian and testicular tissue (synchronous or simultaneous), as in the Hypoplectrus nigricans, as well as individuals that change from one sex to another (sequential).
Hypseleotris compressa --- Females in Hypseleotris compressa deposit up to 3000 eggs.
Hypseleotris compressa --- Males in Hypseleotris compressa guard the nest.
Hypsignathus monstrosus --- Hypsignathus monstrosus has a lek or arena mating system.
Hypsignathus monstrosus --- One megachiropteran species, Hypsignathus monstrosus, has a lek mating system, where males gather in a lekking arena to display to females, who then choose the most desirable of mates.
Hypsignathus monstrosus --- The male Hypsignathus monstrosus reaches sexual maturity at approximately 18 months and does not develop sexually dimorphic facial features until 12 months.
Hypsignathus monstrosus --- There are no reports regarding what Hypsignathus monstrosus does with its young.
Hypsypops rubicundus --- He removes invertebrates and algae with his mouth, sometimes allowing certain elements to remain, as is the case with Hypsypops rubicundus, a species that weeds out all but red algae from the site.
Hystrix brachyura --- In captivity, Atherurus africanus has been reported to live 23 years, Hystrix brachyura, 21.
Hystrix cristata --- Hystrix cristata females do not show aggression to familiar males, but are aggressive to unknowns (Grzimek 1990).
Hystrix cristata --- Hystrix cristata individuals usually reach adult weight at one to two years and are usually sexually mature just before then (Grzimek 1990). Hystrix cristata females do not show aggression to familiar males, but are aggressive to unknowns (Grzimek 1990).
Hystrix cristata --- Much of our knowledge of breeding behavior in Hystrix cristata comes from captive individuals.
I. abeillei --- There is little information on the average lifespan of I. abeillei individuals.
I. albicauda --- Little information is available on reproduction in I. albicauda, so the extent of male parental investment is unknown.
I. chrysater --- World oriole species, individuals of I. chrysater normally attempt to raise one clutch of 2 to 3 eggs per breeding season (Skutch, 1996; Jaramillo and Burke, 1999; but see Ligi and Omland 2007).
I. didactylus --- There is little information on parental investment in I. didactylus.
I. gularis --- Altamira orioles (I. gularis), but appear less sturdy.
I. pustulatus --- There is no published information on lifespan in I. pustulatus.
I. zenkeri --- There is no information known about the longevity of I. zenkeri.
Ictalurus punctatus --- Ictalurus punctatus is monogamous and has an extensive courtship behavior that might only last one mating season.
Icterus galbula --- Icterus galbula prefers to build in elms, maples, willow, or apples, twenty-five to thirty feet above the ground.
Icterus galbula --- Nests are built in the mid to upper levels of a tree or bush (Howell and Webb, 1995) and are generally similar to the nests of the closely related Icterus galbula (Omland, K.E. personal observation).
Icterus icterus --- Thus, this falcon is one of a few species of birds that are "obligate nest pirates" (also see South American troupials, Icterus icterus).
Ictinaetus malayensis --- Parents will sometimes inadvertently care for birds from other nests, including the young of black eagles (Ictinaetus malayensis) and hamerkops (Scopus umbretta). ("Storks (Ciconiidae)", 2003; Campbell, 1974; Perring and Middleton, 1985; Thompson, 1964)
Idiacanthus fasciola --- Idiacanthus fasciola is an oviparous species with external fertilization.
Idiurus macrotis --- Almost nothing is known about the reproduction of Idiurus macrotis. (Kingdon, 1974) Almost nothing is known about their breeding habits. They have been captured and found to be pregnant in June and August. (Kingdon, 1974) There is almost nothing known about the parental investment of Idiurus mactotis.
Idiurus macrotis --- Almost nothing is known about the reproduction of Idiurus macrotis. Almost nothing is known about their breeding habits. They have been captured and found to be pregnant in June and August. There is almost nothing known about the parental investment of Idiurus mactotis.
Idiurus macrotis --- It is believed to be similar to Idiurus macrotis and other Anomaluridae.
Idiurus zenkeri --- The mating system of Idiurus zenkeri is not reported. (Jones, 1971) There is little information on reproduction in Idiurus zenkeri.
Idiurus zenkeri --- The mating system of Idiurus zenkeri is not reported. There is little information on reproduction in Idiurus zenkeri.
Idiurus zenkeri --- There is little information on reproduction in Idiurus zenkeri.
Inia geoffrensis --- Inia geoffrensis calves are about 0.80 m long at birth and have been shown to grow about 0.21 m per year in captivity.
Inia geoffrensis --- Little is known about the mating system of Inia geoffrensis.
Inia geoffrensis --- The longevity of Inia geoffrensis in the wild is unknown, but healthy individuals in captivity can live from 10-26 years.
Inia geoffrensis --- The rather long periods of lactation and calving observed in Inia geoffrensis signify a strong mother-calf bond.
Inimicus japonicus --- An exception to this is Inimicus japonicus, which lays larger, single eggs.
Ischnura gemina --- Ischnura gemina oviposits in tandem, which is unusual in that the male possesses a "scoop" on his penis.
Isoodon macrourus --- Isoodon macrourus have a lifespan of approximately two years.
Isoodon macrourus --- Male bandicoots don't play a signifacant role in the care of juvenile Isoodon macrourus.
Isostichopus badionotus --- A unique reproductive mechanism of Isostichopus badionotus is the ability to divide itself into two.
Isostichopus badionotus --- A unique reproductive mechanism of Isostichopus badionotus is the ability to divide itself into two. (Conde, 1996)
Isostichopus badionotus --- Isostichopus badionotus have separate sexes and possess a reproductive system consisting of a single gonad and either an oviduct or a vas deferens.
J. jaculus --- Not much is known about the mating system of J. jaculus because they are solitary and nocturnal.
J. orientalis --- The lifespan of J. orientalis in the wild is unknown; however, the offspring of a pregnant female captured for a study lived for over six years in captivity.
J. orientalis --- They crawl with their forelimbs in the same fashion as J. orientalis.
Jaculus blanfordi --- Based on data from other members of the genus and from a few available collected specimens of Jaculus blanfordi, the gestation period is believed to be approximately forty days long.
Jaculus jaculus --- A close relative, Jaculus jaculus, is known to live for up to 4 years in the wild and up to 6 years in captivity.
Jaculus jaculus --- Jaculus jaculus bred in captivity do not survive.
Jaculus jaculus --- Jaculus jaculus cannot be bred in captivity due to lack of maternal care.
Jaculus jaculus --- Jaculus jaculus young open their eyes after 5 weeks and eat solid food at 6 weeks.
Jaculus jaculus --- Young reach independence at 8 to 10 weeks, and become sexually mature at 8 to 12 months. ("BBC - Nature Wildfacts", 2002; Happold, 1967) Jaculus jaculus bred in captivity do not survive.
Japanese martens --- Information on mating behaviors of Japanese martens is unavailable.
Junonia coenia --- Junonia coenia does not live a long time.
K. lanosa --- No information is available for K. lanosa.
K. lanosa --- No information is available on K. lanosa for this category.
Katharina tunicata --- Katharina tunicata spawns March through July.
Kathrina tunicata --- Kathrina tunicata, like all chitons, has seperate sexes.
Kobus megaceros --- Kobus megaceros has a harem mating system where only the dominant male is sexually active.
L. capensis --- Mating among L. capensis occurs from January to June, with the young being born from March to October.
L. crassicaudata --- There is no information available on the parental investment of L. crassicaudata.
L. cyanellus --- It is thought that L. cyanellus may produce the same number of eggs as Lepomis macrochirus, which is roughly 50,000.
L. guildingii --- For L. guildingii, the peak was in mid-summer in Australia (December).
L. lagurus --- Although data are unavailable for L. lagurus, weaning probably occurs after 12 to 14 days as in Lemmus lemmus.
L. leucopus --- It is likely that L. leucopus is like other members of the genus in regard to these parameters.
L. leucopus --- It is likely that L. leucopus is like other members of the genus in regard to these parameters. (Klopfer and Boskoff, 1979; Petter, Albignac, and Rumpler, 1977)
L. leucopus --- It is not known how long L. leucopus lives in the wild, and it does not survive well in captivity, with the longest record being two years.
L. rosalia --- Lifespan in this species has not been reported, but in another member of the same genus, L. rosalia, one individual lived in captivity for over 28 years (Nowak, 1999).
L. saxatilis --- L. saxatilis exhibits very low levels of parental investment.
L. saxatilis --- L. saxatilis frequently does not survive its first year.
L. septentrionalis --- It is likely that L. septentrionalis has a similar potential lifespan.
L. townsendii --- Female L. townsendii nurse and care for their young for about 1 month.
L.cinereus --- Females generally give birth to one two two pups per litter, but in some species in the genus Lasiurus, litter sizes may reach 3 or 4 individuals (e.g. Lasiurus borealis, L.seminolus, and L.cinereus). (Hill and Smith, 1984; Nowak, 1991)
L.seminolus --- Females generally give birth to one two two pups per litter, but in some species in the genus Lasiurus, litter sizes may reach 3 or 4 individuals (e.g. Lasiurus borealis, L.seminolus, and L.cinereus). (Hill and Smith, 1984; Nowak, 1991)
Labridae --- Polygyny is much more common than polyandry, and usually involves territorial males organized into harems (males breed exclusively with a group of females), as in numerous Cichlidae species and several families of reef fishes (Scaridae, Labridae and Pomacentridae, Malacanthidae, Acanthuridae and Balistidae). (Helfman, Collete, and Facey, 1997; Moyle and Cech, 2004)
Lagenorhynchus --- The age of these animals was not known. There is some information on reproduction in other memebers of the genus Lagenorhynchus.
Lagenorhynchus --- There is some information on reproduction in other memebers of the genus Lagenorhynchus.
Lagenorhynchus australis --- Calving season for Lagenorhynchus australis usually occurs between the southern spring and autumn but a calf can be born as early as October.
Lagenorhynchus australis --- The oldest recorded specimen of Lagenorhynchus australis was thirteen years old.
Lagenorhynchus australis --- The oldest recorded specimen of Lagenorhynchus australis was thirteen years old. (Goodall et al., 1997a; Goodall et al., 1997b)
Lagenorhynchus cruciger --- The lifespan of Lagenorhynchus cruciger is not known, however it may be similar to other species within its genus.
Lagenorynchus --- In general it has been noted that species within the genus Lagenorynchus have gestation periods of ten to twelve months.
Lagenorynchus --- Little is known bout the mating system of these animals. In general it has been noted that species within the genus Lagenorynchus have gestation periods of ten to twelve months.
Lagopus leucurus --- The reproductive season of Lagopus leucurus begins in early spring when males display within groups; later, they disperse to their own breeding territories at higher elevations.
Lagostrophus fasciatus --- Female Lagostrophus fasciatus keep offspring in their pouch for six months.
Lagostrophus fasciatus --- Lagostrophus fasciatus can live up to six years.
Lagostrophus fasciatus --- Lagostrophus fasciatus can live up to six years. (Richards et al., 2001)
Lagostrophus fasciatus --- The number of partners and size groups formed by Lagostrophus fasciatus in mating are unknown.
Lagurus lagurus --- One source lists the maximum longevity for Lagurus lagurus as 3.8 years.
Lama glama --- Lama glama are able to interbreed with other members of the genus Lama to produce fertile offspring.
Lama glama --- The product of crossing a Lama glama and an alpaca is a Huarizo, which shows intermediate physical characteristics.
Lama guanicoe --- This behavior is similar to that of Lama guanicoe: young males that are driven out of the breeding harem may congregate in herds until they are old enough to breed, at which time they will seek out existing harems to take over.
Lama pacos --- Lama pacos is a polygynous species.
Lama pacos --- The longevity of Lama pacos in the wild is 5 to 10 years, whereas in captivity it is approximately 20 years.
Lama pacos --- The longevity of Lama pacos in the wild is 5 to 10 years, whereas in captivity it is approximately 20 years. (Ley and Ley, 2006)
Lamprotornis nitens --- Occasionally northeastern birds will occupy the nests of white-browed sparrow weavers (Plocepasser mahali) and glossy starlings (Lamprotornis nitens).
Lampsilis cardium --- Lampsilis cardium is a long-term brooder.
Lampsilis fasciola --- Michigan, Lampsilis fasciola was gravid throughout the year.
Lampsilis fasciola --- The eggs are internally fertilized in the suprabranchial chambers, then pass into water tubes of the gills, where they develop into glochidia. In the Huron River in Michigan, Lampsilis fasciola was gravid throughout the year.
Lampsilis siliquoidea --- The eggs are internally fertilized in the suprabranchial chambers, then pass into water tubes of the gills, where they develop into glochidia. Lampsilis siliquoidea is a long-term brooder, and was gravid from early August to late July in the Huron River, Michigan.
Lampyris noctiluca --- Lampyris noctiluca is the only known example of hormonal influence on sex determination in insects.
Larus argentatus --- The dangers presented to Larus argentatus in the Great Lakes by contaminants have decreased since the 1980s, when contaminant levels began to decline.
Larus glaucescens --- Larus glaucescens nests in large colonies, especially in Alaska, but also in smaller colonies to the south.
Larus ridibundus --- After returning to its colonies between late February and late March, Larus ridibundus lays its eggs in late April and May.
Larus ridibundus --- At the very beginning of the breeding season, male Larus ridibundus congregate in larges areas close to the nesting colony before females arrive.
Larus ridibundus --- Larus ridibundus is strongly inclined to nest near vegetation.
Larus ridibundus --- Research has shown that Larus ridibundus is a philopatric species in which individuals are inclined to return to breed in the subcolony in which they were born.
Lasiorhinus latifrons --- Little is known about the mating system of Lasiorhinus latifrons.
Lasiorhinus latifrons --- Since the breeding of Lasiorhinus latifrons occurs in the summer, young wombats are weaned in the early spring, making them vulnerable to food stress and dependent on the amount of rain received in April (Wells, 1987).
Lasiorhinus latifrons --- The main limit on the lifespan of Lasiorhinus latifrons is the amount of rainfall in a season rather than predation (Wells, 1987).
Lasiurus borealis --- Females generally give birth to one two two pups per litter, but in some species in the genus Lasiurus, litter sizes may reach 3 or 4 individuals (e.g. Lasiurus borealis, L.seminolus, and L.cinereus). (Hill and Smith, 1984; Nowak, 1991)
Lasiurus intermedius --- Lasiurus intermedius breeds in late fall; however, fertilization and embryo development do not occur until the following spring (specifically referred to as "delayed fertilization").
Lasmigona complanata --- Lasmigona complanata is a long-term brooder.
Lasmigona compressa --- Lasmigona compressa is a long-term brooder.
Laterallus ruber --- Information on reproduction is unavailable on Laterallus ruber.
Lates calcarifer --- Because Lates calcarifer is a broadcast breeder, it can be inferred that there is little interaction between males and females.
Lates calcarifer --- Chemical levels in the scales of fish from southern Papua New Guinea have indicated that adult barramundi do not always migrate to breeding grounds to spawn, with a lifetime non-participation rate of as much as 50% (Milton, 2005).
Lates calcarifer --- Lates calcarifer is a nonguarding species; there is no parental involvement in the development of fry and juvenile fish (Luna, 2008).
Lates calcarifer --- Lates calcarifer is catadromous; migrating to the mouths of rivers and estuaries in order to breed (FAO, 1999; Moore, 1982; Webster, 2002; Pender, 1996; Russel; 1985).
Lates calcarifer --- Lates calcarifer is serially hermaphroditic with males reaching maturity at 37 to 72 cm and changing into females starting at 73 cm, at around five years, three to five years, or six to eight years depending on the source (Moore, 1979, FAO, 1999; Guiguen, 1993).
Latrodectus mactans --- Copulation among Latrodectus mactans is unique.
Latrodectus mactans --- In addition, the female Latrodectus mactans can store a lifetime supply of sperm to fertilize all the eggs she will ever produce.
Lavia frons --- Examples include Vampyrum spectrum, Lavia frons, Hipposideros galeritus, H. beatus, Nycteris hispida, N. arge, N. nana, and some Kerivoula species.
Lavia frons --- For 30 more days, the young Lavia frons shares the territory of its parents (Vaughan and Vaughan, 1987).
Lavia frons --- Members of Lavia frons are monogamous with members of a pair roosting together and engaging in courtship rituals, which include flying together and circling one another.
Lavia frons --- The young Lavia frons hangs from its mother and practices flapping its wings until it begins flying by itself.
Leiostomus xanthurus --- During the fall to early winter months, Leiostomus xanthurus moves offshore to spawn in the shallow to middle-shelf waters.
Lemmiscus curtatus --- Information on lifespan in Lemmiscus curtatus is not available.
Lemmus lemmus --- Although data are unavailable for L. lagurus, weaning probably occurs after 12 to 14 days as in Lemmus lemmus.
Lemur catta --- Lemur catta mates from mid April to June and gives birth in August or September.
Lentipes concolor --- An example of visual cues is well illustrated by the Lentipes concolor, which is found in the Hawaiian Islands.
Leontopithecus chrysomelas --- Leontopithecus chrysomelas is a seasonal breeder.
Leontopithecus chrysopygus --- Leontopithecus chrysopygus in the wild will live for approximately ten years.
Leontopithecus chrysopygus --- Most cases have found Leontopithecus chrysopygus to be monogamous when mating but there has been some polyandy observed in certain populations.
Lepidosiren paradoxa --- Lepidosiren paradoxa has not been well studied in terms of life span, but the studies that have been conducted show that the average lifespan of this species is a little more that eight years, both in the wild and in captivity.
Lepidosiren paradoxa --- Lepidosiren paradoxa has not been well studied in terms of life span, but the studies that have been conducted show that the average lifespan of this species is a little more that eight years, both in the wild and in captivity. (Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research, 2005)
Lepidosiren paradoxa --- Lepidosiren paradoxa.
Lepidosiren paradoxa --- There is very little information on the mating systems of Lepidosiren paradoxa. 
Lepidosiren paradoxa --- Lepidosiren paradoxa breed during the rainy months when adults are able to move into areas that have been flooded and build nests (Alves-Gomes et al., 2003).
Lepilemur leucopus --- Lepilemur leucopus breeds once per year, between May and July.
Lepilemur leucopus --- Lepilemur leucopus is extremely sensitive to diet and climate changes and is not known to have bred or reproduced in captivity.
Lepilemur leucopus --- Lepilemur leucopus reaches sexual maturity at 18 months of age.
Lepilemur leucopus --- Lepilemur leucopus young are raised entirely by their mother.
Lepilemur mustelinus --- Lepilemur mustelinus is probably similar.
Lepilemur mustelinus --- Lepilemur mustelinus is probably similar. (Nowak, 1999)
Lepisosteus osseus --- Female Lepisosteus osseus grow more quickly and live longer than males.
Lepisosteus osseus --- In captivity, female Lepisosteus osseus have lived up to 30 years (Ross, 2001).
Lepisosteus osseus --- Lepisosteus osseus provide no parental care.
Lepisosteus osseus --- Spawning occurs in the spring and summer for Lepisosteus osseus.
Lepisosteus platyrhincus --- In Lepisosteus platyrhincus, groups of both sexes congregate in shallow weedy waters where the females place their adhesive eggs among aquatic plants.
Lepomis cyanellus --- Lepomis cyanellus males are caretakers of the young.
Lepomis cyanellus --- Lepomis cyanellus males normally build nests in sunny areas with a gravel substrate and preferably with cover, like rocks, logs, or clumps of grass.
Lepomis cyanellus --- Lepomis cyanellus typically live between 4 and 6 years in the wild. (Etnier and Starnes, 2001)
Lepomis cyanellus --- Spawning occurs in Lepomis cyanellus when the water rises above 21 degrees Celsius (70 degrees Fahrenheit).
Lepomis macrochirus --- It is thought that L. cyanellus may produce the same number of eggs as Lepomis macrochirus, which is roughly 50,000.
Lepomis macrochirus --- Pumpkinseeds maintain larger territories than Lepomis macrochirus but they will sometimes build their nests among Lepomis macrochirus and other sunfish nests and the different species will interbreed.
Leptodea fragilis --- Leptodea fragilis is a long-term brooder.
Leptonycteris curasoae --- Little is known about the mating system and behavior of Leptonycteris curasoae.
Leptonycteris curasoae --- Little is known about the reproductive behavior of Leptonycteris curasoae.
Leptonycteris nivalis --- Female Leptonycteris nivalis carry the offspring inflight until it can fly on its own when it is weaned, usually a couple of months after birth (Davis and Schmidly, 1997).
Leptonycteris nivalis --- Leptonycteris nivalis give birth to one offspring annually in Mexico in caves.
Leptonycteris nivalis --- Some studies have shown that Leptonycteris nivalis may have two breeding peaks a year, one in spring and one in September.
Leptoptilos crumeniferus --- Leptoptilos crumeniferus is known as a colonial breeder.
Lepus alleni --- Only 2 copulations have been observed, so mating behavior is not well known for Lepus alleni.
Lepus californicus --- Breeding season for Lepus californicus extends from December through September in Arizona and from late January to August in California and Kansas.
Lepus callotis --- The breeding season of Lepus callotis is a minimum of 18 weeks, occurring from mid-April to mid-August.
Lepus capensis --- Lepus capensis newborn weigh an average of 4.5 oz and develop rapidly in the nest.
Lepus castroviejoi --- There is no information on reproduction available for Lepus castroviejoi.
Lepus europaeus --- Lifespan may be similiar to that of Lepus europaeus.
Lepus europaeus --- Reproduction may be similiar to its close relative, Lepus europaeus.
Lepus europaeus --- Reproduction may be similiar to their close relative Lepus europaeus.
Lepus europaeus --- The breeding season for Lepus europaeus is between midwinter (January/February) and midsummer.
Lepus nigricollis --- During mating season, male Lepus nigricollis become aggressive, sparring with other males using their forepaws and "boxing" with their hind feet.
Lepus nigricollis --- Longevity in Lepus nigricollis is unknown but other hare species tend to live 5 years in the wild and up to 7 years in captivity.
Lepus nigricollis --- Reproduction rates tend to be at their highest during the wet season, though Lepus nigricollis will generally breed year round.
Lepus nigricollis --- Young Lepus nigricollis, called leverets, are precocial at birth.
Lepus othus --- Lepus othus, in contrast to many other hares, has only one litter per year.
Lepus townsendii --- Lepus townsendii lives to approximately 8 years of age in the wild.
Lepus townsendii --- Lepus townsendii lives to approximately 8 years of age in the wild. (Wilson and Ruff, 1999)
Lernaeocera branchialis --- Lernaeocera branchialis develops into a copepodid, which attaches to an intermediate host, such as a lumpfish (e.g.
Lernaeocera branchialis --- Lernaeocera branchialis is only 2 to 3 mm long at this point and is still resembles a Copepoda.
Lestodelphys halli --- There is little available information on mating system in Lestodelphys halli.
Lestodelphys halli --- There is little available information on parental investment in Lestodelphys halli.
Lestodelphys halli --- There is little available information on the longevity of Lestodelphys halli.
Leucochloridium paradoxum --- Leucochloridium paradoxum reproduces asexually.
Libytheana bachmanii --- Libytheana bachmanii go from the larva stage to adult in approximately fifteen to seventeen days.
Ligumia nasuta --- Ligumia nasuta is a long-term brooder.
Ligumia recta --- In Michigan Ligumia recta probably spawns from mid-July through August.
Ligumia recta --- In Michigan Ligumia recta probably spawns from mid-July through August. (Lefevre and Curtis, 1912; Watters, 1995)
Ligumia recta --- Ligumia recta is a long-term brooder.
Liomys irroratus --- Little is known about the breeding habits of Liomys irroratus.
Lironeca ovalis --- As a species in the family Cymothoidae, Lironeca ovalis is likely a protandrous, hermaphroditic gill parasite.
Lironeca ovalis --- Cymothoidae, Lironeca ovalis is likely a protandrous, hermaphroditic gill parasite.
Litocranius walleri --- Female Litocranius walleri usually give birth to one young, rarely two.
Litocranius walleri --- In other similarly sized bovid species (e.g. Antilope cervicapra, and Litocranius walleri) males establish and defend territories, at least during the breeding season, and are polygynous.
Litocranius walleri --- The average life span of female Litocranius walleri is slightly longer than males.
Litocranius walleri --- The mating ritual of Litocranius walleri is complex.
Littorina irrorata --- The female Littorina irrorata is known to produce floating egg capsules.
Littorina irrorata --- The female Littorina irrorata is known to produce floating egg capsules. (Rehder, 1981; Wilbur and Vonge, 1964)
Littorina lirrorea --- Some Littorina spp. (e.g. Littorina lirrorea, Littorina neritoides) have pelagic capsules extruded from an ovipositor situated near the genital aperture in a position comparable to that of the penis.
Littorina neritoides --- Some Littorina spp. (e.g. Littorina lirrorea, Littorina neritoides) have pelagic capsules extruded from an ovipositor situated near the genital aperture in a position comparable to that of the penis.
Littorina spp. --- Some Littorina spp. (e.g. Littorina lirrorea, Littorina neritoides) have pelagic capsules extruded from an ovipositor situated near the genital aperture in a position comparable to that of the penis.
Loligo opalescens --- Most Loligo opalescens live 1-1 1/2 years, but some individuals may live as long as 2-3 years.
Lonchophylla thomasi --- Many species exhibit size dimorphism with females larger than males, probably due to the requirements of bearing young; however, this does not seem to be the case among Lonchophylla thomasi. (Eisenberg, 1989)
Lonchophylla thomasi --- Very little is known regarding the mating systems of Lonchophylla thomasi. While very little has been discovered regarding the reproductive behavior of Lonchophylla thomasi, some information is available about Phyllostomids in general.
Lonchorhina aurita --- Lonchorhina aurita mates either at the end of the rainy season or at the begining of the dry season (Fleming, et al.
Lontra felina --- Lontra felina is most likely a monogamous species.
Lontra provocax --- Females have four nipples and produce one to four young each season, but usually produce only one or two young. Lontra provocax young are born a helpless, blind and scarcely mobile.
Lontra provocax --- Lontra provocax young are born a helpless, blind and scarcely mobile.
Lontra provocax --- Most Lontra provocax only live a few years (Chanin, 1985).
Lophiomys imhausi --- Lophiomys imhausi may live almost eight years in captivity, but their lifespan in the wild has not been reported. (Nowak, 1999)
Lophiomys imhausi --- The mating system of Lophiomys imhausi has not been reported. Little information is available on reproduction in Lophiomys imhausi.
Lophiomys imhausi --- Young Lophiomys imhausi are relatively precocial; they are covered with hair at birth and grow quickly.
Loxigilla portoricensis --- The bananaquit (Coereba flaveola portoricensis), Puerto Rican bullfinch (Loxigilla portoricensis) and Puerto Rican tody (Todus mexicanus) are all birds which share nests with E. coqui.
Loxodonta africana --- Data from the previously recognized inclusive species, African elephants (Loxodonta africana) suggests lifespans of 65 to 70 years old in the wild.
Loxodonta cyclotis --- There are no reports of lifespan in Loxodonta cyclotis.
Luidia ciliaris --- The sexual reproduction of Luidia ciliaris is similar to the reproduction of most other starfish.
Lutra lutra --- Lutra lutra has a continuous breeding cycle and female otters have a continuous estrus cycle.
Lycaena rubidus --- A male Lycaena rubidus waits for the females along streams and in meadows in order to mate.
Lycaena rubidus --- Lycaena rubidus is inactive during the chrysalis stage and avoids predation by using camouflage.
Lycaon pictus --- Lycaon pictus reaches sexual maturity at approximately 12 to 18 months, though they usually do not mate until much later.
Lyncodon patagonicus --- Parental care in Lyncodon patagonicus is as unknown as the rest of the species' reproductive behavior.
M brevicaudata --- There is relatively little known about the mating patterns of M brevicaudata in particular.
M. albicaudatus --- In M. albicaudatus, only the female grooms the young.
M. albicaudatus --- The lifespan of M. albicaudatus is not known in the wild, but it is approximately six years in captivity.
M. alfari --- M. alfari, a closely related species, breeds at least from late April to June, and this may also be the case with Microsciurus flaviventer.
M. americana --- Diversity of breeding habitat allows many M. americana to spawn in the same waters they normally inhabit.
M. americana --- Little is known about the lifespan of M. americana.
M. auriculus --- In their close relatives, ovulation and fertilization do not occur until the following spring, and it is likely that M. auriculus is similar.
M. australasica --- Male M. australasica usually mature around the age of two years old and 21 cm in length while females do not reach maturity until they are three years old and 30 cm in length.
M. australasica --- There has not been sufficient research on the lifespan of M. australasica, but average lifespan has been reported at 20 years with a maximum recorded age of 26 years.
M. australis --- Although no reports were found for M. australis, newborn M. schreibersi weigh between 2 nd 3 g. Weaning of M. schreibersi occurs at about 2 months of age.
M. australis --- No information was found on the mating systems of M. australis. (Dwyer, 1968; Dwyer, 1983)
M. australis --- The oldest recorded age of M. australis is five and a half years.
M. avellanarius --- Little is known about the longevity of M. avellanarius in the wild, but research suggests that individuals live an average of 3 years, at the end of which their teeth show heavy wear.
M. bennettii --- Close relatives of the species M. bennettii give birth to a single offspring at the beginning of the wet season, which immediately follows the end of the dry season.
M. bidens --- Little in known about general reproductive behavior of M. bidens.
M. bidens --- The is no data on the lifespan in M. bidens.
M. bowdoini --- The only information on the reproductive system of M. bowdoini is from occasional observations of young.
M. brevicaudata --- It is likely that M. brevicaudata is similar to other members of the genus in this regard.
M. brevicaudata --- The lifespan of M. brevicaudata is unknown.
M. brevicaudata --- There has been no specific research done on the parental investment for M. brevicaudata.
M. canescens --- There is little information regarding parental investment in M. canescens.
M. canescens --- There is little information regarding the lifespan of M. canescens.
M. crassicaudata --- However, a con-generic species, M. crassicaudata produced one specimen which lived in captivity for almost 20 years.
M. crinifrons --- The gestation period is not known for M. crinifrons, but in M. reevesi gestation lasts 209-220 days.
M. crinifrons --- This implies that M. crinifrons may have a lifespan similar to the 10-12 year lifespan estimated for Muntiacus reevesi. (Dueling and Myers, 2004; Lu and Sheng, 1984)
M. cyclopis --- Given the sexual dimorphism in size seen in M. cyclopis, it is reasonable to assume that this species is, also.
M. cyclopis --- It is reasonable to assume that M. cyclopis is like other members of the genus in this respect.
M. cyclotis --- There is no information reported for lifespan and longevity in M. cyclotis.
M. cyclotis --- There is no information reported for parental investment in M. cyclotis.
M. dorsalis --- Although details are not available for M. dorsalis, other members of the genus weigh less than one gram at birth (Macropus rufus weighs 0.75 g).
M. dorsalis --- The lifespan of M. dorsalis has not been reported, but information on the genus Macropus reveals that they can live to be 20 years of age in captivity, but may only survive to be 10 years of age in the wild.
M. dorsalis --- Weaning occurs in M. dorsalis between 10 and 12 months of age, and the young become more or less independent at that time.
M. dryas --- Although specific information about general reproductive behavior of M. dryas is unknown, the reproductive behaviors of other members of the genus Microgale are described below.
M. dryas --- The lifespan of M. dryas is not known.
M. dryas --- The specific parental investment and care patterns for M. dryas are not known.
M. erminea --- If reproduction in M. katiah is similar to that in M. erminea then young are blind and helpless at birth but increase in size rapidly until about 8 weeks of age, when they are capable of hunting on their own.
M. evotis --- Parental investment is not well known for M. evotis.
M. feae --- Young M. feae stay with their mother until they reach maturity.
M. flaviventer --- There are no data available on the lifespan of M. flaviventer.
M. foina --- Average longevity of M. foina in its natural habitat is 3 years.
M. foina --- Copulation of M. foina may occur midsummer, but implantation does not occur until early in the following spring.
M. fuscata --- It is reasonable to assume that M. fuscata is like other members of the genus in terms of longevity.
M. fuscus --- Although data from M. fuscus are not available, it is reasonable to assume that development of the young is similar to that seen in other members of the genus.
M. fuscus --- There is little known about the lifespan of M. fuscus although other captive Moschus have been found to live up to 20 years in captivity.
M. gongshanensis --- Although the gestation period is not known for M. gongshanensis, in Muntiacus reevesi gestation lasts between 209 to 220 days.
M. gongshanensis --- Nothing is known about parental care in M. gongshanensis.
M. gongshanensis --- Reproduction behavior of M. gongshanensis is not documented, however, in Muntiacus reevesi, males demarcate and aggressively defend small territories against other males.
M. gongshanensis --- The lifespan of M. gongshanensis is unknown.
M. grayi --- However, it is very likely that M. grayi follows similar patterns to other toothed whales ( Odontoceti )
M. grayi --- Specific information on M. grayi is unavailable.
M. grayi --- There is no information on the lifespan of M. grayi and there have been no reports of attempts to keep any animals in captivity.
M. guentheri --- However, other voles are known to live an average of less than one month (Microtus pennsylvanicus) to a maximum in captivity of nearly four years (M. guentheri). (Nowak, 1999)
M. javanensis --- Mydaus marchei or M. javanensis.
M. javanensis --- No research on reproductive habits has been conducted for either Mydaus marchei or M. javanensis.
M. katiah --- If reproduction in M. katiah is similar to that in M. erminea then young are blind and helpless at birth but increase in size rapidly until about 8 weeks of age, when they are capable of hunting on their own.
M. katiah --- Longevity in M. katiah may be similar to that of other mustelids.
M. katiah --- The mating system and behavior of M. katiah is unknown.
M. keenii --- At the end of the summer (August to September), when young have become independent, female M. keenii leave for their winter hibernacula.
M. keenii --- Little information on the longevity of M. keenii is available.
M. kunsi --- Since M. kunsi are in the infraclass Metatheria (marsupial mammals), they almost certainly have a short gestation period and young fairly undeveloped at birth, as these traits generally characterize this group of animals.
M. kunsi --- Since M. kunsi are in the infraclass Metatheria (marsupial mammals), they almost certainly have a short gestation period and young fairly undeveloped at birth, as these traits generally characterize this group of animals. (Anderson, 1982; Salazar et al., 1994)
M. layardii --- Lifespan of M. layardii is unknown.
M. layardii --- There have been no studies of parental care in M. layardii.
M. leonina --- Captive M. leonina have lived to 15 years of age.
M. leonina --- The gestation period of female M. leonina is about eight months.
M. leucophaeus --- Gestation length has not been reported for this species, but is known to be 168 to 176 days in M. sphinx, and is probably similar for M. leucophaeus.
M. leucophaeus --- Males in some species care for the young on occasion, and may do so in M. leucophaeus.
M. longicaudata --- Information on the reproductive behaviors of M. longicaudata is not available.
M. lucifugus --- Swarming M. lucifugus may travel large distances, causing mixing of populations from different areas.
M. lucifugus --- The lifespan of M. lucifugus is extended by their ability to find food and inhabit a variety of roosts.
M. meles --- M. meles and A. collaris have lived in captivity 16 and 13 years, respectively.
M. nadicaudatus --- The maximum lifespan of M. nadicaudatus is three to four years (Nowak, 1997)
M. personata --- Beyond this virtually nothing is known about the reproductive cycle and life history of M. personata (Pei &amp; Wang 1995).
M. prehensilis --- Parental investment in M. prehensilis has not been investigated.
M. prehensilis --- There is no available information on the lifespan of M. prehensilis, but G. ingrahami can reach the age of 6 years in the wild. (Clough, 1974)
M. pusillus --- Little is known about the mating behavior and system of M. pusillus.
M. pusillus --- Parental investment in M. pusillus is undocumented.
M. pusillus --- The lifespan of M. pusillus is undocumented.
M. reevesi --- Little is known about the lifespan of M. reevesi in the wild.
M. reevesi --- The gestation period is not known for M. crinifrons, but in M. reevesi gestation lasts 209-220 days.
M. rutilus --- Litters of M. rutilus range from 1 to 9, although litters are commonly of 6 to 8 young.
M. ruwenzorii --- It appears that M. ruwenzorii is a K-selected mammal, which indicates later maturation, low fecundity, and high parental care of offspring.
M. ruwenzorii --- No information regarding lifespan of M. ruwenzorii is available.
M. schreibersi --- Although no reports were found for M. australis, newborn M. schreibersi weigh between 2 nd 3 g. Weaning of M. schreibersi occurs at about 2 months of age.
M. schreibersii --- Miniopterus australis, like M. schreibersii, chooses specific sites for nurseries in which to rear young.
M. silenus --- Groups of M. silenus typically contain one male and several females and juveniles.
M. sinica --- Although there is a well developed dominance hierarchy among troops of M. sinica, copulation frequency is not higher among the dominant males.
M. sphinx --- Gestation length has not been reported for this species, but is known to be 168 to 176 days in M. sphinx, and is probably similar for M. leucophaeus.
M. stejnegeri --- Nothing is known about the reproduction of M. stejnegeri, although it is speculated that litter size is one and parturition occurs in the spring and summer.
M. suilla --- There is little information on parental investment in M. suilla.
M. tridactyla --- The mating system of M. tridactyla is not known.
M. tuberculata --- The time of mating and details of the reproductive cycle are not known, although mating by M. tuberculata occurs sometime between February and April.
M. xanthognathus --- It is not known if the young of M. xanthognathus stay in the nest longer than do the young of these other species of Microtus.
M. zibellina --- M. zibellina reach sexual maturity in their second year of life (Walker, 1995).
Macaca fuscata --- There is period in which juvenile males are solitary, as in Macaca fuscata and Macaca mulatta.
Macaca mulatta --- Macaca mulatta that live where seasonal changes are less pronounced have less well-defined mating seasons.
Macaca mulatta --- There is period in which juvenile males are solitary, as in Macaca fuscata and Macaca mulatta.
Macaca silenus --- Macaca silenus has a maximum lifespan of 38 years in captivity, although it is more typical for them to reach about 30 years of age.
Macaca silenus --- Macaca silenus has no specific breeding season.
Macaca sylvanus --- Macaca sylvanus lives 20 to 31 years.
Macaca sylvanus --- Macaca sylvanus lives 20 to 31 years. (David, 1985)
Macroglossus minimus --- "Females of Macroglossus minimus [were found pregnant]... in every month of the year" during random collections of the species in the areas of New Guinea and the Solomon Islands (Nowak 1991).
Macroglossus minimus --- On average, the length between pregnancies ranges from 140 to 160 days, so that Macroglossus minimus likely produces 2 to 2.5 offspring per year.
Macroglossus minimus --- One species, Macroglossus minimus, exhibits asynchronous breeding and sperm storage, suggesting the importance of birth during an optimal (rainy) season. (Hood and Smith, 1989; Nowak, 1999)
Macroglossus minimus --- The closely related Macroglossus minimus is better known.
Macroglossus sobrinus --- However, male Macroglossus sobrinus have smaller testes relative to other megachiropteran bats.
Macroglossus sobrinus --- Other information on the reproduction of Macroglossus sobrinus is either limited or not available.
Macroglossus sobrinus --- The estimated lifespan for Macroglossus sobrinus is 4 to 6 years.
Macropus eugenii --- Macropus eugenii has only one offspring per birth; the newborn weighs less than 1 gram.
Macropus eugenii --- Male Macropus eugenii have a long duration of spermatogenesis and a long period of sperm transit in comparison with other mammals.
Macropus eugenii --- The birthing process of Macropus eugenii starts with the newborn leaving the cloaca and freeing itself from the fetal membranes.
Macropus eugenii --- The gestation period of Macropus eugenii lasts 25 to 28 days.
Macropus fuliginosus --- Eastern grey kangaroos are seasonal breeders (spring and early summer), unlike some kangroo species such as the Macropus rufus or even the closely related Macropus fuliginosus, which breeds continously as long as the conditions are good.
Macropus parryi --- Macropus parryi gives birth to a single young, frequently around January, after a gestation period of approximately 34-38 days.
Macropus parryi --- Polygyny can also take the form of male dominance hierarchies in highly social species such as Macropus parryi, which can live in groups of up to 50 individuals.
Macropus parryi --- Unlike some other species of wallaby, in which a mother forceably removes her young when the time is right, the young Macropus parryi leaves the protective pouch on its own.
Macropus rufus --- Although details are not available for M. dorsalis, other members of the genus weigh less than one gram at birth (Macropus rufus weighs 0.75 g).
Macropus rufus --- Eastern grey kangaroos are seasonal breeders (spring and early summer), unlike some kangroo species such as the Macropus rufus or even the closely related Macropus fuliginosus, which breeds continously as long as the conditions are good.
Macropus rufus --- Macropus rufus has a short gestation period.
Macrotarsomys bastardi --- Macrotarsomys bastardi tend to live in pairs.
Magicicada septendecim --- In a year when a given brood has emerged to reproduce, female Magicicada septendecim mature and lay eggs in the twigs of trees.
Magicicada septendecim --- In the case of Magicicada septendecim, single brood emerges from underground together once every 17 years.
Magicicada septendecim --- Magicicada septendecim nymphs remain underground for 17 years, feeding and going through several juvenile stages.
Magicicada septendecim --- The17-year life cycle of Magicicada septendecim is of critical importance to its reproductive behavior.
Makaira nigricans --- Atlantic, Makaira nigricans exhibits fall spawning when the sea surface temperature is at 28C.
Makaira nigricans --- In the South Atlantic, Makaira nigricans exhibits fall spawning when the sea surface temperature is at 28C.
Malacanthidae --- Polygyny is much more common than polyandry, and usually involves territorial males organized into harems (males breed exclusively with a group of females), as in numerous Cichlidae species and several families of reef fishes (Scaridae, Labridae and Pomacentridae, Malacanthidae, Acanthuridae and Balistidae). (Helfman, Collete, and Facey, 1997; Moyle and Cech, 2004)
Malaclemys --- While all turtles reproduce by eggs, the genus Malaclemys usually does not produce more than 4-8 eggs in a clutch.
Malagasy herpestids --- If G. fasciata is like other Malagasy herpestids, specifically Mungotictis decemlineata, the young may remain with the mother until sexually mature, around the age of 2 years.
Malapterurus electricus --- Nothing much is known of the reproductive biology of Malapterurus electricus According to Polle & Gosse (1969), breeding pairs nest in holes some 3 meters in length excavated in clay banks in water 1 to 3 meters deep.
Malapterurus electricus --- Nothing much is known of the reproductive biology of Malapterurus electricus According to Polle & Gosse (1969), breeding pairs nest in holes some 3 meters in length excavated in clay banks in water 1 to 3 meters deep. (Poll and Gosse, 1969)
Malapterurus electricus --- Nothing much is known of the reproductive biology of Malapterurus electricus According to Polle &amp; Gosse (1969), breeding pairs nest in holes some 3 meters in length excavated in clay banks in water 1 to 3 meters deep.
Mandrillus sphinx --- Mandrillus sphinx reaches sexual maturity around the age of 3.5 years.
Manis crassicaudata --- Little is known about the reproduction patterns of Manis crassicaudata.
Manis crassicaudata --- The longevity of Manis crassicaudata under captive conditions is greater than 13 years.
Manis tricuspis --- At birth, the young of Manis tricuspis weigh between 90-159 grams.
Manouria emys --- Unlike most tortoises, females of Manouria emys do invest in their offspring after they lay their eggs.
Manta birostris --- Manta birostris are sexually mature at 5 years of age.
Manta birostris --- The gestation period of Manta birostris is 13 months, after which females give birth to 1 or 2 live young.
Mantella aurantiaca --- Mantella aurantiaca typically has a life span of 8 years.
Marcopus rufogriseus --- In at least one species (Marcopus rufogriseus), extended associations between females and their independent young are known to reduce the success of future reproduction. (Clutton-Brock, 1991; Nowak, 1991; Vaughan, Ryan, and Czaplewski, 2000)
Margaritifera margaritifera --- The record for a Margaritifera margaritifera was over 200 years (Bauer, 2001a).
Marmosa canescens --- Marmosa canescens reproduces year round (Ceballos, 1990).
Marmosa robinsoni --- In a closely related species, Marmosa robinsoni, weaning does not take place until the young are 60-70 days old (Nowak, 1991).
Marmosa robinsoni --- In related species belonging to the genus Marmosa, such as Marmosa robinsoni, life expectancy is typically under 1 year of age in the wild and up to 3 years in captivity (Nowak, 1991). (Nowak, 1991)
Marmosops incanus --- The limited breeding season shown by Marmosops incanus indicates that the female are monoestric and that the estrous cycle is short.
Marmota --- Although there are not data specifically relating to red marmots, other members of the genus Marmota can live between 13 and 15 years.
Marmota bobak --- A classic study conducted by E. M Korzinkina in 1935 indicated that Marmota bobak may employ delayed implantation.
Marmota bobak --- Little data exist on the reproductive habits of Marmota bobak.
Marmota bobak --- The exact lifespan of Marmota bobak in the wild is unknown, although captive marmots may live as long as 15 years. (Armatige, 1975)
Marmota camtschatica --- Marmota camtschatica lives, on average, 4-5 years, with a maximum of 13-14 years.
Marmota camtschatica --- Since females cannot accumulate enough resources to support annual reproduction, female Marmota camtschatica will skip reproduction and reproduce only every other year (Macdonald 2001).
Marmota marmota --- Marmota marmota mates within the first few days after emergence from hibernation, which occurs in May.
Martes martes --- At birth, young of Martes martes weigh about 30 g.
Martes martes --- In captivity, Martes martes lives about 15 years, and males can be sexually vigorous throughout their lives.
Martes martes --- In the wild, male and female Martes martes may mate in their first summer, at 14 months of age.
Martes melampus --- Martes melampus reach sexual maturity between one and two years of age.
Martes zibellina --- For example, Martes zibellina have an average litter size of 2.2, but can give birth to anywhere from 1 to 7 pups.
Masticophis flagellum --- In the U.S. Masticophis flagellum reproduces once per year.
Megachile latimanus --- Megachile latimanus females lay their eggs on the larval food supply so as to guarantee the larvae will be able to grow.
Megadyptes antipodes --- Megadyptes antipodes has a 39-51 day incubation period.
Megadyptes antipodes --- Megadyptes antipodes reaches sexual maturity at two or three for females and three to five for males.
Megadyptes antipodes --- Megadyptes antipodes reaches sexual maturity at two or three for females and three to five for males. (Houston, 1998a; Houston, 1998b; Vernon, 1991)
Megadyptes antipodes --- Pairs of Megadyptes antipodes usually stay together for years, only parting when one dies or there is a failure to raise a family.
Megadyptes antipodes --- Prior to August, beginning in approximately May, Megadyptes antipodes begins the courting season.
Megadyptes antipodes --- When Megadyptes antipodes mates, the male mounts the female and rests his neck on the back of hers and vibrates his flippers along her sides. Megadyptes antipodes begins its breeding season in August with the selection of mates and nest sites.
Megalops atlanticus --- Large schools of Megalops atlanticus, 25 to 200 individuals, migrate offshore between May and August to spawn.
Megalops atlanticus --- Large schools of Megalops atlanticus, 25 to 200 individuals, migrate offshore to spawn.
Megalops atlanticus --- Megalops atlanticus is known to have a very long lifespan.
Megapodius spp. --- Species that use clumped geothermal incubation sites may aggregate in large numbers (over 50,000) onto communal incubation sites. Megapodius spp., Eulipoa wallacei, and perhaps Talegalla are thought to exhibit female-defense monogamy.
Melanosuchus niger --- Melanosuchus niger - pods were found to occur in areas of deeper water than -C. crocodilus-, implying choice of nesting sites in lower-lying areas (Britton 1999, Da Silveira et al 1997, Herron 1990, Thorbjarnarson 1998).
Meleagris gallopavo --- American wild turkeys (Meleagris gallopavo), in which males do not generally provide parental care.
Meleagris gallopavo --- Work done in 1979 by Sugihara and Heston suggests that ocellated turkeys have a similar social system to that of American wild turkeys (Meleagris gallopavo), in which males do not generally provide parental care.
Meles meles --- Many mustelids undergo delayed implantation, with the fertilized embryo taking up to 10 months (e.g. Meles meles) to implant in the uterus in some species.
Meles meles --- This has suggested a period of delayed implantation, as is found in Eurasian badgers, Meles meles (Nowak, 1999).
Meles meles --- Other badgers (Meles meles and Arctonyx collaris) breed annually.
Arctonyx collaris --- Other badgers (Meles meles and Arctonyx collaris) breed annually.
Mellisuga helenae --- Female Mellisuga helenae are entirely responsible for the care of the altricial young.
Mellisuga helenae --- Male Mellisuga helenae form leks (groups of singing males that form during breeding season) to perform advertising songs to attract females.
Mellisuga helenae --- The size of hummingbird eggs range from 8 by 11 mm in bee hummingbirds (Mellisuga helenae) to 12 by 20 mm in giant hummingbirds (Patagona gigas).
Mellita quinquiesperforata --- Mellita quinquiesperforata breed annually from the late spring into the summer months.
Mellita quinquiesperforata --- The average lifespan of Mellita quinquiesperforata is four years, but they have been known to survive for up to ten years.
Mellita quinquiesperforata --- The average lifespan of Mellita quinquiesperforata is four years, but they have been known to survive for up to ten years. (McHenry, 1998)
Melogale everetti --- There appears to be no information on the lifespan of Melogale everetti either in the wild or in captivity.
Melogale moschata --- However, a very similar species, Melogale moschata, the Chinese ferret badger, is said to have still been living after 10 years and 6 months in captivity.
Melogale moschata --- However, a very similar species, Melogale moschata, the Chinese ferret badger, is said to have still been living after 10 years and 6 months in captivity. (Nowak, 1995)
Melursus ursinus --- Information on the reproductive behavior of Melursus ursinus varies.
Menidia clarkhubbsi --- Finally, unisexuality (egg development occurring with or without fertilization) can also occur in a variety of forms, and usually involves some male involvement, although at least ones species (Menidia clarkhubbsi) appears to utilize true parthenogenesis &#8211; females produce only female offspring with no participation from males.
Menippe mercenaria --- From egg to death, male Menippe mercenaria live for approximately 6 years, while the females live to be approximately 7 years old.
Menippe mercenaria --- Menippe mercenaria breeds year-round, although the peak mating season is from August to September in southern Florida.
Menippe mercenaria --- Most female Menippe mercenaria sexually mature around two years old, and are most likely to breed between the spring and fall.
Mephitis macroura --- Breeding in Mephitis macroura occurs from the middle of February to the end of March.
Mephitis mephitis --- During the mating season, males of some species may monopolize several females (e.g. Mephitis mephitis), chasing other males away when they approach.
Mercenaria mercenaria --- Temperatures that vary below 80&#176;C may reduce the growth stages dramatically (Mercenaria mercenaria 2000).
Meriones libycus --- The exact processes involved in the reproduction of Meriones libycus in the wild are not well documented.
Mesoplodon --- The litter size is most likely one offspring per birth in the entire genus Mesoplodon.
Mesoplodon carlhubbsi --- No data has been found regarding the lifespan, or longevity, of Mesoplodon carlhubbsi.
Mesoplodon carlhubbsi --- There is not much data available on reproduction in Mesoplodon carlhubbsi.
Mesoplodon europaeus --- As with all cetaceans, the young are necessarily precocial at birth and Mesoplodon europaeus are about 2.1 m long at birth.
Mesoplodon grayi --- Mesoplodon grayi, like many whales, are most often seen in pods and highly social behavior has been observed.
Mesoplodon perrini --- Little is known about parental investment in Mesoplodon perrini.
Mesoplodon perrini --- No information is available on mating in Mesoplodon perrini. There is currently little information available regarding reproductive habits of Mesoplodon perrini or other Ziphiidae.
Mesoplodon perrini --- Since Mesoplodon perrini is such an elusive species, as is typical of this genus, nothing is known about its longevity and life history.
Microcavia australis --- Microcavia australis is polygynous.
Microcavia australis --- Microcavia australis males become very aggressive during mating in the wild.
Microcebus coquereli --- Microcebus coquereli reach sexual maturity at 9 months.
Microcebus murinus --- Microcebus murinus reproduce between September and March.
Microcerculus philomela --- Very little is known about the nesting habits of Microcerculus philomela due to their secretive nature.
Microdipodops pallidus --- Information about the reproduction of Microdipodops pallidus is limited.
Microdipodops pallidus --- The lifespan of Microdipodops pallidus is approximately 5.5 years.
Microgale dobsoni --- Microgale dobsoni males and females associate with one another throught the year, and may be monogamous.
Microgale dobsoni --- Very little is known about the reproduction of Microgale dobsoni in the wild.
Microgale dobsoni --- When Microgale dobsoni was trapped in the wild during the month of April, no lactating females were captured and none of the animals were fully adult.
Microgale talazaci --- Microgale talazaci is primarily solitary, but a male and female will sometimes form a stable relationship which lasts throughout the year.
Microhierax caerulescens --- Two species of falconids, red-throated caracaras (Daptrius americanus) and collared falconets (Microhierax caerulescens) regularly breed cooperatively.
Microlophus albemarlensis --- Microlophus albemarlensis can live up to 10 years. (Jackson, 1985)
Micromys minutus --- In captivity, Micromys minutus can live to be just under 5 years old. (Burton 1969; Grzimek 1990; Nowak 1993)
Micropotamogale lamottei --- The lifespan of Micropotamogale lamottei is not known.
Micropteropus pusillus --- Micropteropus pusillus is bimodally polyestrous.
Micropterus dolomieu --- Parental care in Micropterus dolomieu is the sole responsibility of the male, who guards the eggs and fry for an extended length of time (Cooke et al., 2003a).
Micropterus salmoides --- Micropterus salmoides breeds in the spring.
Microsciurus flaviventer --- M. alfari, a closely related species, breeds at least from late April to June, and this may also be the case with Microsciurus flaviventer.
Microsciurus flaviventer --- One female Microsciurus flaviventer was found to have two embryos (Nowak, 1999).
Microtus californicus --- Ovulation in Microtus californicus is induced by copulation.
Microtus chrotorrhinus --- Microtus chrotorrhinus breeds from early spring until late fall (Hamilton 1943).
Microtus oeconomus --- Litter sizes of Microtus oeconomus are relatively large for the genus and usually range from four to eight offspring, with an average of 6.9.
Microtus oeconomus --- There is insufficient research on Microtus oeconomus for a definitive lifespan to be established.
Microtus oeconomus --- Various mating systems have been observed in Microtus oeconomus, including promiscuous, multi-partner groups, polygyny, and monogamy.
Microtus pennsylvanicus --- However, other voles are known to live an average of less than one month (Microtus pennsylvanicus) to a maximum in captivity of nearly four years (M. guentheri). (Nowak, 1999)
Microtus pennsylvanicus --- Mating in Microtus pennsylvanicus is promiscuous.
Microtus richardsoni --- Jannett (1979) observed a captive group of Microtus richardsoni to have induced estrus.
Microtus sp. --- Microtus sp., in general, appear to have a fairly plastic reproductive biology where the emphasis seems to be on the ability to produce the correct response (phenotypic) given the ecological conditions in which the population finds itself.
Micrurus fulvius --- Micrurus fulvius breeds from late spring early summer and late summer to early fall.
Millipora alcicornis --- The overgrowth of the sea fan by other organisms is also another leading cause of death, especially by the hydrocoralline Millipora alcicornis and some encrusting bryozoa.
Milvus migrans --- Wild records are unavailable, but related Milvus migrans have been recorded living up to 24 years in the wild. (Richards, 1998)
Miniopterus australis --- Miniopterus australis gives birth in the summer month of December after a gestation period of about four months. (Dwyer, 1968; Dwyer, 1983)
Miniopterus australis --- Miniopterus australis is probably similar. (Nowak, 1999) Miniopterus australis is considered a juvenile up to 9 months, a yearling between 9 and 21 months, and an adult after 21 months of age.
Miniopterus australis --- Miniopterus australis start to reproduce after 21 months of age.
Miniopterus australis --- Miniopterus australis, like M. schreibersii, chooses specific sites for nurseries in which to rear young.
Miopithecus talapoin --- Miopithecus talapoin has lived 28 years in captivity (Haltenorth and Diller, 1988).
Mirounga leonina --- Southern elephant seals (Mirounga leonina) demonstrate extreme polygyny, wherein males fight for exclusive access to harems of females.
Misumena vatia --- Misumena vatia females are larger then the males.
Mitsukurina owstoni --- Though there are no data for Mitsukurina owstoni in particular, sharks in general do not provide any degree of parental investment.
Mnemiopsis leidyi --- Mnemiopsis leidyi has both male and female reproductive organs and is able to fertilize itself (GESAMP 1997).
Mnemiopsis leidyi --- When food is plentiful and the water temperature is between 19-23&#176;C, Mnemiopsis leidyi will spawn.
Mniotilta varia --- Mniotilta varia breeding pairs share parental responsibilities.
Mniotilta varia --- Mniotilta varia is most likely monogamous. Mniotilta varia is one of the first warblers to arrive in the spring.
Mniotilta varia --- Mniotilta varia typically breeds between April and August.
Moloch horridus --- There is not much information on the mating system in Moloch horridus.
Molothrus ater --- Males and females protect their young against nest predation and nest parasitism by brown-headed cowbirds (Molothrus ater).
Molothrus ater --- Males and females protect their young against nest predation and nest parasitism by brown-headed cowbirds (Molothrus ater). (Mostrom, Curry, and Lohr, 2002)
Momotus momota --- Instead of beginning its tunnel in an exposed soil surface, Momotus momota prefers to start from the side of some pit or hollow in the ground, such as the den of a burrowing animal, or a hole dug by man.
Monachus tropicalis --- Actual lifespan of Monachus tropicalis is unknown.
Monachus tropicalis --- Very little is known about the reproductive behavior of Monachus tropicalis.
Moniliformis moniliformis --- Moniliformis moniliformis is a dioecious species.
Monodelphis brevicaudata --- There is no information about the specific parental investment of Monodelphis brevicaudata.
Monodelphis kunsi --- Nothing is known about the reproductive behavior of Monodelphis kunsi.
Monodelphis kunsi --- Nothing is known about the type of parental investment in Monodelphis kunsi.
Monodelphis kunsi --- The lifespan of Monodelphis kunsi is unknown.
Monodon monoceros --- Monodon monoceros copulate vertically in the water, belly to belly.
Monodon monoceros --- Monodon monoceros is a seasonal breeder.
Monodon monoceros --- Monodon monoceros may live up to 50+ years in the wild, yet attempts at captive breeding have been unsuccessful.
Monodon monoceros --- Upon reaching the captive establishment, Monodon monoceros have only survived from 1 to 4 months.
Morone americana --- Morone americana is polyandrous, without mate guarding or displays of dominance.
Morone chrysops --- Morone chrysops exhibits rapid growth in conjunction with high natural mortality, resulting in a relatively short life.
Morone chrysops --- Spawning of Morone chrysops occurs as early as mid-February in the southern United States and as late as May in the more northern latitudes, or whenever water temperatures reach about 14-20 degrees celsius.
Moschus chrysogaster --- The average lifespan of captive bred Moschus chrysogaster is 2.4 years.
Moschus chrysogaster --- The average lifespan of wild caught captive Moschus chrysogaster is about 7 years.
Moschus moschiferus --- In Moschus moschiferus, males scent mark and defend a territory during breeding season.
Motacilla alba --- The longest recorded lifespan is a 9 year, 11 month old white wagtail (Motacilla alba).
Mugil cephalus --- Mugil cephalus are isochronal spawners, with all oocytes reaching maturity at the same time.
Muncgotictis decemlineata --- Although other details on the reproduction of G. grandidieri are lacking, other species of mongoose on Madagascar have gestation lengths of 72 to 92 days (Galidia elegans) and 90-105 days (Muncgotictis decemlineata).
Mungotictis decemlineata --- Conversely, Mungotictis decemlineata breed from December to April, with mating peaking in the Malagasy summer months of February and March.
Mungotictis decemlineata --- If G. fasciata is like other Malagasy herpestids, specifically Mungotictis decemlineata, the young may remain with the mother until sexually mature, around the age of 2 years.
Muntiacus crinifrons --- In their close relative, Muntiacus crinifrons, breeding occurs continuously throughout the year.
Muntiacus crinifrons --- Little is known about the parental investment of Muntiacus crinifrons.
Muntiacus crinifrons --- The lifespan of Muntiacus crinifrons is not well known.
Muntiacus feae --- Muntiacus feae likely breeds year-round as do other subtropical muntjacs, but breeding may be concentrated in winter months.
Muntiacus feae --- Muntiacus feae, like other muntjacs, has a relatively short lifespan compared to other cervids.
Muntiacus reevesi --- Although the gestation period is not known for M. gongshanensis, in Muntiacus reevesi gestation lasts between 209 to 220 days.
Muntiacus reevesi --- Chinese muntjacs Muntiacus reevesi have a gestation period of 243 days, with most females reaching sexual maturity by twelve months of age.
Muntiacus reevesi --- In Muntiacus reevesi held in captivity, males formed a dominance heirarchy, and maintained exclusive home ranges, which they defended and scent marked.
Muntiacus reevesi --- Muntiacus reevesi has year round breeding in its natural habitat in China.
Muntiacus reevesi --- Reproduction behavior of M. gongshanensis is not documented, however, in Muntiacus reevesi, males demarcate and aggressively defend small territories against other males.
Muntiacus reevesi --- This implies that M. crinifrons may have a lifespan similar to the 10-12 year lifespan estimated for Muntiacus reevesi. (Dueling and Myers, 2004; Lu and Sheng, 1984)
Murina cyclotis --- A related species Murina cyclotis was documented on the Malay Peninsula carrying 2 fetuses, so twins may occur occasionally.
Murina cyclotis --- A related species Murina cyclotis was documented on the Malay Peninsula carrying 2 fetuses, so twins may occur occasionally. ("Biodiversity Information Sharing Service (BISS)", 2006; Nowak, 1999)
Mus musculus --- Mus musculus is characterized by tremendous reproductive potential.
Mus musculus --- These bats weigh only 7 grams as adults, roughly 1/3 the size of a Mus musculus.
Mus musculus --- Wild-derived captive Mus musculus individuals have lived up to 4 years in captivity.
Muscardinus avellanarius --- Muscardinus avellanarius has 1 or 2 litters per year.
Mustela --- Longevity hs not been reported for this species, but for similarly sized members of the genus Mustela, there is very little variation in longevity.
Mustela altaica --- Although the mating system of Mustela altaica has not been described, other species of the genus are typically polygynous.
Mustela altaica --- Based upon the large size dimorphism in Mustela altaica, it is reasonable to assume that the same mating system prevails. (Nowak, 1999)
Mustela altaica --- In Mustela altaica, the mother provides sole parental care.
Mustela altaica --- It is reasonable to assume a simlilar lifespan for Mustela altaica.
Mustela altaica --- It is reasonable to assume a simlilar lifespan for Mustela altaica. (Nowak, 1999)
Mustela altaica --- The Mustela altaica averages 8.7 pups per litter, but can have between 3 and 14 young in a single bout of reproduction.
Mustela kathiah --- Little is known about reproductive behavior of Mustela kathiah.
Mustela nivalis --- Carnivores may have two or three litters per year (as with Mustela nivalis), but most carnivore females have just one litter every one to two years.
Mustela sibirica --- Mustela sibirica breeds yearly during the late winter and early spring.
Mustela sibirica --- One captive Mustela sibirica lived to be 8 years and 10 months old.
Mustela sibirica --- The weaning age for Mustela sibirica is 56 days and sexual maturity is reached at about 2 years of age.
Mydaus marchei --- The mating system and behavior of Mydaus marchei is not known. No research on reproductive habits has been conducted for either Mydaus marchei or M. javanensis.
Myliobatis californicus --- Only a few species, like Myliobatis californicus with its nearly year-long gestation period, are known to differ from this pattern.
Myocastor coypus --- Myocastor coypus is polyestrus.
Myocastor coypus --- The potential longevity of Myocastor coypus is 6 years.
Myodes glareolus --- The estrous cycle of Myodes glareolus lasts four days
Myodes glareolus --- The lifespan of Myodes glareolus is very short.
Myodes glareolus --- The mating system of Myodes glareolus can be described as polygamous (Macdonald 2001), and possibly promiscuous (Horne and Ylonen 1998).
Myotis --- Myotis is usually 6 to 7 years, but Myotis myotis were recorded as 13 years old in the United Kingdom.
Myotis austroriparious --- Myotis austroriparious is the only species of Myotis known to give birth to twin young.
Myotis austroriparius --- Myotis austroriparius colonies are usually between 2,000 and 90,000 individuals.
Myotis californicus --- There is little documented information available on reproduction and ontongeny in Myotis californicus.
Myotis evotis --- Myotis evotis reproduces once per year, and females may form maternity colonies of 5 to 30 individuals in the summer (colonies may contain a few males), or they can remain solitary.
Myotis --- Life span in Myotis is usually 6 to 7 years, but Myotis myotis were recorded as 13 years old in the United Kingdom.
Myotis myotis --- Life span in Myotis is usually 6 to 7 years, but Myotis myotis were recorded as 13 years old in the United Kingdom.
Myotis leibii --- The lifespan of Myotis leibii is thought to be between 6-12 years, however they have a low survival rate (0.757 for males and 0.421 for females).
Myotis lucifigus --- The longest-lived bat on record is a little brown bat (Myotis lucifigus).
Myotis lucifugus --- Myotis lucifugus has enlarged pararhinal glands during the mating season.
Myotis lucifugus --- Myotis lucifugus is one of the most widely studied species worldwide; thus, it would not be surprising if other, less well-known species live even longer. (Kurta, 1995)
Myotis lucifugus --- Myotis lucifugus live approximately 6 to 7 years and often live well beyond 10 years.
Myotis lucifugus --- Reproduction in Myotis lucifugus involves copulation and insemination prior to hibernation.
Myotis myotis --- After birth, young Myotis myotis remain fixed on their mothers for about 2 weeks.
Myotis myotis --- Female Myotis myotis mate again as soon as the young become independent.
Myotis myotis --- Myotis myotis are early breeders.
Myotis myotis --- Myotis myotis mating involves the females from different colonies traveling several miles to male roost sites.
Myotis emarginatus --- These roosts may be shared with bats of other species, including greater mouse-eared bats, Myotis myotis, and Geoffroy&#8217;s bats, Myotis emarginatus, but the species do not roost in the same parts of the roost structure.
Myotis myotis --- These roosts may be shared with bats of other species, including greater mouse-eared bats, Myotis myotis, and Geoffroy&#8217;s bats, Myotis emarginatus, but the species do not roost in the same parts of the roost structure.
Myotis mystacinus --- Myotis mystacinus may be similar.
Myotis mystacinus --- Myotis mystacinus may be similar. (Nowak, 1999)
Myoxus glis --- Mating season for Myoxus glis is usually in July.
Myoxus glis --- Myoxus glis have one litter a year.
Myoxus glis --- Myoxus glis is usually weaned at 5-6 weeks and reaches maturity after 1-2 years.
Myoxus glis --- The young of Myoxus glis exit the womb with the hind end first.
Mystacina robusta --- Information on lifespan/longevity for Mystacina robusta is not available.
Mystacina robusta --- Mystacina robusta is thought to have been monogamous.
Mystacina robusta --- No information is available about the parental investment of Mystacina robusta.
Mystacina tuberculata --- Mystacina tuberculata are polyestrous.
Mystacina tuberculata --- This is approximately four or five months later than the birth season of Mystacina tuberculata.
Mystromys albicaudatus --- Mystromys albicaudatus can produce many litters per year.
Mystromys albicaudatus --- Mystromys albicaudatus seems to breed year round.
Mystromys albicaudatus --- Mystromys albicaudatus seems to breed year round. (Hallett and Meester, 1971; Smithers, 1983)
Mytilus edulis --- Mytilus edulis sexes are separate and gametes are shed into the water where fertilization occurs. (Nordsieck, 2006; Tyler-Walters and Seed, 2006) Mytilus edulis spawns from April to September, depending on water temperature, currents, and other environmental factors.
Mytilus edulis --- Mytilus edulis spawns from April to September, depending on water temperature, currents, and other environmental factors.
Mytilus edulis --- The lifespan of Mytilus edulis may vary considerably depending on attachment location.
N. arge --- Examples include Vampyrum spectrum, Lavia frons, Hipposideros galeritus, H. beatus, Nycteris hispida, N. arge, N. nana, and some Kerivoula species.
N. concolor --- Little is known about the parental investment of N. concolor, but there is information about their close relatives, proboscis monkeys, Nasalis larvatus.
N. concolor --- No information is available regarding the lifespan and longevity of N. concolor, but its relative N. larvatus lives at least 23 years in captivity. (Woltanski, 2004)
N. hispida --- Little is known about parental investment in this species, though it has been documented that N. hispida is similar to other mammals in that the mother will care for her young until it is ready for independence.
N. insignis --- Wrigley (1972) found that 70% of the individuals in a population of N. insignis collected in the fall were young from that year (based on the examination of 2,529 museum specimens collected throughout their range).
N. larvatus --- No information is available regarding the lifespan and longevity of N. concolor, but its relative N. larvatus lives at least 23 years in captivity. (Woltanski, 2004)
N. lepida --- Nesting is solitary for N. lepida.
N. lepidus --- Parental care in N. lepidus has not been described.
N. lepidus --- The lifespan of N. lepidus is not known.
N. leporinus --- Little else is known about the reproductive strategy of Noctilio albiventris, however the mating system of its close relative N. leporinus is documented.
N. nana --- Examples include Vampyrum spectrum, Lavia frons, Hipposideros galeritus, H. beatus, Nycteris hispida, N. arge, N. nana, and some Kerivoula species.
N. procyonoides --- Not much is known about the mating behavior of N. procyonoides.
N. procyonoides --- The lifespan of N. procyonoides in the wild is not known.
N. rabori --- Records for congeneric N. rabori indicate that preganancy lasts 4.5 to 5 months, and lactation continues for 3 or 4 months.
N. thebaica --- It is likey that N. thebaica is similar.
Naemorhedus baileyi --- During rut, male red gorals (Naemorhedus baileyi), a closely related species, follow females closely in order to make naso-genital contact to determine whether the female has come into heat.
Nanger granti --- Whereas other grazing herbivores such as Nanger granti and Connochaetes taurinus are limited by the abundance of grass, zebras are limited by the abundance of predators.
Connochaetes taurinus --- Whereas other grazing herbivores such as Nanger granti and Connochaetes taurinus are limited by the abundance of grass, zebras are limited by the abundance of predators.
Nanger granti --- Whereas other grazing herbivores such as Nanger granti and Connochaetes taurinus are limited by the abundance of grass, zebras are limited by the abundance of predators.
Nannostomus trifasciatus --- Nannostomus trifasciatus spawns during the daytime among plant leaves.
Nanonycteris veldkampi --- Female Nanonycteris veldkampi, are assumed to be polyestrous, meaning they ovulate more than once a year.
Nasalis larvatus --- Little is known about the parental investment of N. concolor, but there is information about their close relatives, proboscis monkeys, Nasalis larvatus.
Nasua --- Because no information exists regarding the parental care of mountain coatis, the following has been generalized from information available for the closely related genus, Nasua.
Nasua --- The following has been generalized from information regarding other coatis (Genus Nasua).
Nasuella olivacea --- No information exists for Nasuella olivacea.
Natalus micropus --- There is little known about the reproductive habits of Natalus micropus.
Natalus stramineus --- The closely related Mexican funnel-eared bat (Natalus stramineus) breeds during the late dry season and has a gestation period of about 10 months. (Grzimek's Animal Life Encyclopedia, 2005; Koopman, Hecht, and Lidecky-Janecek, 1957)
Nectogale elegans --- No information is known about the reproduction of the Nectogale elegans.
Nematobrycom palmeri --- Nematobrycom palmeri is dioecious, meaning there are male reproductive organs in one individual and female reproductive organs in another.
Neodrepanis coruscans --- Common sunbird-asities (Neodrepanis coruscans) and yellow-bellied sunbird-asities (Neodrepanis hypoxantha) perform a hunched display where they lower their bill and tail, raise their crown feathers and sing.
Neodrepanis hypoxantha --- Common sunbird-asities (Neodrepanis coruscans) and yellow-bellied sunbird-asities (Neodrepanis hypoxantha) perform a hunched display where they lower their bill and tail, raise their crown feathers and sing.
Neodrepanis hypoxantha --- Yellow-bellied sunbird-asities (Neodrepanis hypoxantha) also perform a somersault display, although this is thought to be a display to deter other males, not to attract females. (Hawkins, 2003; Lambert and Woodcock, 1996)
Neolamprologus multifasciatus --- A final mating system, termed &#8220;extended family&#8221; is found in at least one cichlid species, Neolamprologus multifasciatus.
Neolamprologus tetracanthus --- In Lake Tanganyika, Neolamprologus tetracanthus illustrates the utility of multiple mating systems in a dynamic environment.
Neolamprologus tetracanthus --- In one habitat, where the bottom is barren and predators are abundant, Neolamprologus tetracanthus males remain with their spawning partner to guard the fry.
Neophoca cinerea --- Because Neophoca cinerea experiences a much longer interbirth interval, it is clear that this species differs from the typical pinniped pattern.
Neophoca cinerea --- Births can occur over a period of 4-6 months in any colony of Neophoca cinerea, making births highly unsynchronized.
Neophoca cinerea --- Female Neophoca cinerea come to shore about two days before they give birth in order to establish a natal site.
Neophoca cinerea --- No specific male parental care has been reported for Neophoca cinerea, but by maintaining territories, fathers may protect their offspring from other males of the species.
Neophoca cinerea --- No specific male parental care has been reported for Neophoca cinerea, but by maintaining territories, fathers may protect their offspring from other males of the species. (Nowak, 1999)
Neophocaena phocaenoides --- Neophocaena phocaenoides has been found to live up to 23 years.
Neophocaena phocaenoides --- Neophocaena phocaenoides reaches sexual maturity by the age of 2.
Neophocaena phocaenoides --- This "extra" means of orientation could be very beneficial to Neophocaena phocaenoides since it often lives in murky waters.
Neotamias --- Members of the subgenus Neotamias are reported to live as long as 8 years in the wild, and may reach almost 11 years of age in captivity.
Neotoma lepida --- Neotoma lepida breeds from October to May.
Neotoma mexicana --- Also, Neotoma mexicana experiences a post-partum estrus.
Neotoma mexicana --- Also, Neotoma mexicana experiences a post-partum estrus. ("eNature", 2003; "Utah Division of Wildlife Resources", 2004; Davis and Schmidly, 1997; Davis, 1960; Meaney and Armstrong, 1994; Wilson and Ruff, 1999)
Neotomodon alstoni --- The exact lifespan of Neotomodon alstoni is not known, but laboratory observations suggest that these may reach up to 5 years of age.
Neotragus batesi --- The gestation period of Neotragus batesi is thought to be 180 days.
Nephila clavipes --- As male Nephila clavipes reach maturity, they inhabit the webs of females.
Nephila clavipes --- For reproduction to occur among Nephila clavipes, males must stimulate females and arouse them in order to prevent from becoming prey.
Nephila clavipes --- Nephila clavipes go through many molting stages.
Nerodia taxispilota --- Female Nerodia taxispilota must increase their body's store of lipids by some 50% in order to become pregnant.
Nicrophorus --- According to Kozol et al. (1989), reproductive behavior is similar to that for other Nicrophorus species (see references below).
Nicrophorus --- The parents prepare the carcass for their offspring as do other Nicrophorus species: they shave it, roll it into a ball, and treat it with anal and oral secretions to control decay.
Nicrophorus americanus --- American burying beetle (Nicrophorus americanus) recovery plan. [by C. Raithel] Newton Corner, Massachusetts.
Nicrophorus americanus --- The American Burying Beetle, Nicrophorus americanus: studies on the natural history of a declining species. Psyche 95: 167-176.
Nicrophorus americanus --- The activity period of Nicrophorus americanus over its entire range is usually late April through September, although some historical collections were made as early as February and as late as October, these usually being in the southern parts of the range.
Nicrophorus tomentosus --- Behavioral cues trigger ovarian development in the burying beetle Nicrophorus tomentosus.
Nimbochromis linni --- After release of the fry, female Nimbochromis linni will provide postnatal protection for their young for up to six weeks; the female will take the fry back into her mouth when danger is near and at night for shelter. (Axelrod and Burgess, 1976; DeMason, 1995; Konings, 1995)
Nimbochromis linni --- Nimbochromis linni, like almost all Malawi cichlids, are maternal mouthbrooders, that is, only females care for eggs and fry.
Nimbochromis linni --- Though Nimbochromis linni have a short breeding period every year, this period does not occur in the same months for all individuals.
Nocomis micropogon --- They are nest parasites, spawning on the margins of nests built by river chub (Nocomis micropogon) (Outten, 1957).
Noctilio albiventris --- Little else is known about the reproductive strategy of Noctilio albiventris, however the mating system of its close relative N. leporinus is documented.
Noctilio albiventris --- Noctilio albiventris individuals can live 10-12 years in the wild (Brown et al.
Noctilio albiventris --- The reproductive behavior of Noctilio albiventris is highly synchronous.
Noctilio leporinus --- Female Noctilio leporinus bear a single young each pregnancy.
Noctilio leporinus --- Noctilio leporinus live in single-male/multiple-female groups in year-round harems with stable female composition (Walker 1964).
Notiosorex crawfordi --- Notiosorex crawfordi can reach sexual maturity in two months of age.
Notomys alexis --- Breeding can be inhibited by a high population density of Notomys alexis (Watts and Aslin, 1981).
Notomys alexis --- Notomys alexis are opportunistic breeders.
Notomys fuscus --- Both sexes of Notomys fuscus reach reproductive maturity at 70 days.
Notomys fuscus --- It was seen that one female Notomys fuscus produced 9 litters in her lifetime of 26 months.
Notomys fuscus --- The gestation period is 38-41 days; a postpartum estrus is not common in Notomys fuscus, but some females enter estrus 14-22 days after giving birth.
Notorynchus cepedianus --- There is little information available about the lifespan of Notorynchus cepedianus.
Noturus exilis --- Noturus exilis females likely exit the nest within 24 hours of spawning and leave protection and care of the embryos to the male.
Noturus exilis --- Noturus exilis of up to two to three years of age are not uncommon, and a few exceptional individuals have been captured that were four years or older.
Noturus flavipinnis --- Noturus flavipinnis has a typical lifespan of 3-4 years; the maximum reported age is 4 years.
Noturus flavipinnis --- Noturus flavipinnis has a typical lifespan of 3-4 years; the maximum reported age is 4 years. (Etnier and Starnes, 1993; Page and Burr, 2005)
Noturus flavipinnis --- Noturus flavipinnis reproduces from late May to mid July.
Noturus flavipinnis --- Noturus flavipinnis spawns from late May to mid July.
Nyctalus leisleri --- Female Nyctalus leisleri raise their young in maternity colonies and provide all care for the young after they are born.
Nyctalus leisleri --- Little is known about the lifespan of Nyctalus leisleri.
Nyctalus leisleri --- Male Nyctalus leisleri attract potential mates to breeding roosts by vocalizing and aquire harems of up to 9 females. (Schober, 1997) Nyctalus leisleri mates in late August or September and again in the spring.
Nyctalus leisleri --- Male Nyctalus leisleri attract potential mates to breeding roosts by vocalizing and aquire harems of up to 9 females. Nyctalus leisleri mates in late August or September and again in the spring.
Nyctereutes procyonoides --- Nyctereutes procyonoides usually gives birth in dense vegetation or in burrows that have been abandoned by foxes or badgers.
Nycteris hispida --- Examples include Vampyrum spectrum, Lavia frons, Hipposideros galeritus, H. beatus, Nycteris hispida, N. arge, N. nana, and some Kerivoula species.
Nycteris hispida --- In related bats such as Nycteris hispida and Nycteris thebaica adult size is reached in about two months, and females continue to nurse their offspring from 45 to 60 days.
Nycteris macrotis --- Lactation in related bats, Nycteris macrotis lasts for two months.
Nycteris thebaica --- In related bats such as Nycteris hispida and Nycteris thebaica adult size is reached in about two months, and females continue to nurse their offspring from 45 to 60 days.
Nycteris thebaica --- In related bats such as Nycteris hispida and Nycteris thebaica adult size is reached in about two months, and females continue to nurse their offspring from 45 to 60 days. (Hickey and Dunlop, 2000; Park and Myers, 2004)
Nycticebus coucang --- Nycticebus coucang may live as long as 26 years in captivity, and lifespans of 20 years are not uncommon.
Nycticebus pygmaeus --- The Nycticebus pygmaeus mating system involves one male and multiple females.
Nyctimene albiventer --- Nyctimene albiventer may have two annual breeding seasons, in early winter and in late summer, or they breed year-round.
Nyctinomops macrotis --- The mating season for Nyctinomops macrotis lasts for only a few weeks in the mid to late winter.
Nyctomys sumichrasti --- Captive Nyctomys sumichrasti form monogamous pairs and share some of the responsibilities of rearing young.
Nyctomys sumichrasti --- Nyctomys sumichrasti males help build nests and remain near their mates and offspring for about a week after parturition. (Hunt, Morris, and Best, 2004; Lawlor, 1982)
Nyctophilus geoffroyi --- Nyctophilus geoffroyi forms maternity colonies in spring, and young are born in the late spring or early summer.
O. cavator --- Because the population is strongly polygynous and mating rights are competitive, however, male O. cavator rarely mate during their first year.
O. collaris --- Although, some species of pikas have be known to have post-partum estrous and produce a second litter per year further research is need to investigate if this is true for O. collaris.
O. curzoniae --- One unusual feature about O. curzoniae is that males invest heavily in offspring.
O. curzoniae --- The life expectancy of O. curzoniae is short because this species faces harsh winters and high parasitosis.
O. galapagoensis --- Oryzomys palustris is similar in size to O. galapagoensis (weight: 40 to 80 g) and provides a reproductive guideline to follow.
O. galapagoensis --- The reproductive cycle of O. galapagoensis is likely similar; however, the two species vary in a number of life history traits, so these numbers should only be used as a guideline.
O. galapagoensis --- The reproductive cycle of O. galapagoensis is likely similar; however, the two species vary in a number of life history traits, so these numbers should only be used as a guideline. (Niethammer, 1990)
O. garnettii --- In the wild, O. garnettii has been observed breeding seasonally once each year between August and October (Nash and Harcourt, 1986).
O. grandis --- Animals in the genus rarely live longer than two years in the wild, though the specific lifespan of O. grandis is unknown.
O. grandis --- Little is known about how O. grandis raises its young. (Woods, 1990)
O. grandis --- Little is known about the parental investment of O. grandis, however, young are born underdeveloped and therefore probably rely extensively on one or both parents for the first 20 days or so until their eyes and ears open, like other species in the genus.
O. hyperborea --- The average lifespan of O. hyperborea is two years.
O. nuttalli --- The majority of O. nuttalli reproduce from September to spring in Texas but from March to October in Kentucky and Tennessee.
O. pallasi --- No information could be found about the lifespan of O. pallasi.
O. princeps --- No information for lifespan/longevity is available on this species, but in O. princeps the maximum lifespan is 7 years.
O. pusilla --- Gestation period for O. pusilla has not been reported, but is probably similar to the 30 days reported for other species in the genus.
O. rufescens --- There are no reports on the lifespan of O. rufescens.
O. snyderi --- In captivity, O. snyderi has survived for more than two years (Yoshiyama 1992).
O. snyderi --- The literature suggests that the reproductive cycle in O. snyderi females is strongly coordinated with the nutrient upwelling and downwelling cycles that occur along the East Pacific Coast (Freeman, 1985).
O.leucoryx --- Reproductive timing in O.leucoryx varies.
Obliquaria reflexa --- Obliquaria reflexa is a long-term brooder, and probably breeds in the summer months in Michigan.
Obliquaria reflexa --- Obliquaria reflexa is a long-term brooder, and probably breeds in the summer months in Michigan. (Lefevre and Curtis, 1912; Watters, 1995)
Obovaria olivaria --- Obovaria olivaria is a long-term brooder and probably spawns in the summer months in Michigan.
Obovaria olivaria --- Obovaria olivaria is a long-term brooder and probably spawns in the summer months in Michigan. (Lefevre and Curtis, 1912; Watters, 1995)
Obovaria subrotunda --- Obovaria subrotunda is a long-term brooder.
Ochotona collaris --- Like other rock and talus-dwelling pikas, Ochotona collaris has a low fecundity rate (Smith et al, 1990).
Ochotona collaris --- The gestation period in Ochotona collaris is approximately thirty days, with the young born blind and almost hairless.
Ochotona rufescens --- Ochotona rufescens has a high rate of reproduction.
Octodon degus --- However, other members of the Octodontidae family, such as Octodon degus, have a expected lifespan of approximately 5 years.
Octodon degus --- Octodontidae family, such as Octodon degus, have a expected lifespan of approximately 5 years.
Octopus vulgaris --- Octopus vulgaris has individuals of both sexes.
Octopus vulgaris --- Octopus vulgaris species has individuals of both sexes.
Odocoileus hemionus --- Among male Odocoileus hemionus, testicular mass and volume are maximal during November and minimal during April and May (Anderson 1984).
Odocoileus hemionus --- Approximately 27 to 29 days elapse between conception and implantation in female Odocoileus hemionus.
Odocoileus hemionus --- In Odocoileus hemionus, male neonates predominate when poor nutrition prevails about 6 weeks before, and during, the breeding period.
Odocoileus hemionus --- Most Odocoileus hemionus females conceive during their second year and only rarely during their first year.
Odocoileus hemionus --- Odocoileus hemionus is a polygynous species, having a tending-bond type breeding system.
Odocoileus hemionus --- Ovulation in female Odocoileus hemionus occurs about 12 to 14 hours after estrus terminates.
Odocoileus hemionus --- The breeding peak in Odocoileus hemionus occurs mainly from late November through mid-December.
Odocoileus hemionus --- The mass at birth of Odocoileus hemionus ranges from 2 to 5 kg.
Odocoileus hemionus --- The peak birth period in Odocoileus hemionus is estimated to be from June 16th to July 6th, with most births occurring in June.
Odocoileus virginianus --- The males do not use their antlers in offensive moves while fighting like the white-tailed deer Odocoileus virginianus, but they spar extensively while still young, and use the horns in defensive moves while fighting.
Odocoileus virginianus --- The males do not use their antlers in offensive moves while fighting like the white-tailed deer Odocoileus virginianus, but they spar extensively while still young, and use the horns in defensive moves while fighting. (Chapman, Furlong, and Harris, 1997; Geist, 1998; Grzimek, 1990; Lawson, Putnam, and Fielding, 2001; Pei et al., 1995; Southern, 1964; Yahner, 1980)
Odocoileus virginianus --- The young are camoflaged in grass, very similar to whitetail deer (Odocoileus virginianus).
Odocoileus virginianus --- The young are camoflaged in grass, very similar to whitetail deer (Odocoileus virginianus). (Stallings, 1986; Thomas, 1975)
Odontoceti --- However, it is very likely that M. grayi follows similar patterns to other toothed whales ( Odontoceti )
Oligocottus snyderi --- Oligocottus snyderi males guard the eggs deposited by females.
Oligocottus snyderi --- Oligocottus snyderi males guard the eggs deposited by females. (Oregon State University, 2003b; University of Washington Fish Collection, 1996)
Oligocottus snyderi --- Oligocottus snyderi reproduces using internal fertilization, and the males have a developed penis and clasping anal ray that assist in this process (Morris, 1956).
Oncifelis colocolo --- A closely related species, the Oncifelis colocolo, has an average life span of nine years in the wild but can reach an age of 16.5 years in captivity.
Oncifelis colocolo --- Oncifelis colocolo in captivity in the northern hemisphere breeds period from April to July.
Oncifelis colocolo --- Their close relatives, pampas cats (Oncifelis colocolo), breed from April to July.
Oncifelis geoffroyi --- Breeding season for Oncifelis geoffroyi occurs from December to May.
Oncomelania --- This stage lives for only a few hours, and must find a snail in the genus Oncomelania to tunnel into or it will die.
Oncorhynchus clarkii --- Oncorhynchus clarkii are stream spawners like other fishes belonging to the Salmonidae family (Vinyard, 2004).
Oncorhynchus mykiss --- Oncorhynchus mykiss individuals live for 6 to 8 years in the wild, possibly up to 11 years. (Gall and Crandell, 1992; Michigan Department of Natural Resources, 2005)
Ondatra zibethicus --- However, a few species, such as Ondatra zibethicus and Microtus ochrogaster, live in monogamous pairs and share the responsibility of raising young.
Microtus ochrogaster --- However, a few species, such as Ondatra zibethicus and Microtus ochrogaster, live in monogamous pairs and share the responsibility of raising young.
Ondatra zibethicus --- However, a few species, such as Ondatra zibethicus and Microtus ochrogaster, live in monogamous pairs and share the responsibility of raising young.
Onychogalea fraenata --- Onychogalea fraenata has been studied both in captivity and wild.
Onychogalea fraenata --- Onychogalea fraenata mates polygynously.
Onychomys arenicola --- Although data are scarce for Onychomys arenicola, in general, mice in this genus weigh about 2.6 g at birth.
Onychomys leucogaster --- When a male and female Onychomys leucogaster come within 10 to 15 cm of each other, they begin to circle and smell the anal area of the other sex.
Opisthocomus hoazin --- Opisthocomus hoazin do not begin breeding until after their first year of life.
Opisthocomus hoazin --- The breeding season of Opisthocomus hoazin occurs during the same time as the rainy season of their territory.
Orchelimum vulgare --- The female Orchelimum vulgare will search out a "perfect" plant to lay her eggs in, chewing holes into several stems before she is satisfied.
Orchitophrya stellarum --- Populations of Asterias vulgaris have been found to be infected with the ciliate Orchitophrya stellarum.
Orcinus orca --- It occurs in species as different as elk (Cervus elaphus) and killer whales (Orcinus orca).
Ornithorhynchus anatinus --- At least one species (Ornithorhynchus anatinus) perform somewhat elaborate courtship behaviors prior to copulation. (Heckner, 1990; Nowak, 1991)
Ornithorhynchus anatinus --- During the mating season, Ornithorhynchus anatinus are found in pairs, but despite these observations, platypuses are not likely to be monogamous because males do not associate with females post-copulation, nor do they provide any parental care.
Ornithorhynchus anatinus --- Ornithorhynchus anatinus do not have a brood pouch, and instead lay their eggs in deep, complex burrows on the banks of streams and ponds.
Orthogeomys grandis --- Orthogeomys grandis is a polygamous species with around four females to each male.
Orthogeomys grandis --- Orthogeomys grandis is rarely seen above the surface and as a result its behavior is poorly studied.
Orthogeomys heterodus --- No lifespan for Orthogeomys heterodus was specifically mentioned.
Oryctolagus cuniculus --- Oryctolagus cuniculus is capable of reproducing year-round, but most breeding activity takes place in the first half of the year.
Oryzomys galapagoensis --- The maximum age an Oryzomys galapagoensis is known to have lived is about 2 years.
Oryzomys galapagoensis --- There is no available information on parental care for Oryzomys galapagoensis.
Oryzomys palustris --- For a more quantitative description of Gal&#225;pagos rice rat reproduction, it is necessary to examine the reproductive behavior of the rice rat, Oryzomys palustris.
Oryzomys palustris --- Oryzomys palustris has a gestation period of 25 days and the young weigh 3 to 4 g at birth.
Oryzomys palustris --- Oryzomys palustris is similar in size to O. galapagoensis (weight: 40 to 80 g) and provides a reproductive guideline to follow.
Osteoglossum bicirrhosum --- Osteoglossum bicirrhosum spawn at the beginning of the floods, December and January.
Otaria byronia --- Death can also be caused by aggressive males or by males of South American sea lions, Otaria byronia.
Otaria byronia --- Otaria byronia is known for its polygynous lifestyle.
Otocolobus manul --- What is known comes from studies of Otocolobus manul in the former Soviet Union.
Otus kennicottii --- Otus kennicottii is usually monogomous, although polygamy occurs occasionally. Before the breeding season, male Otus kennicottii defend an area containing several nest cavities.
Otus kennicottii --- Throughout its range, Otus kennicottii will nest in tree cavities, most commonly those excavated by other species.
Ourebia ourebi --- Ourebia ourebi breeds throughout the year, with its peak season in October and November (Openshaw, 1993).
Ovibos moschatus --- Ovibos moschatus breeds from late August into September and gives birth between mid-April and mid-May.
Ovibos moschatus --- Ovibos moschatus is considered a harem breeder in which one dominant male attempts to mate with all of the estrus females of the herd.
Ovibos moschatus --- Ovibos moschatus lives in very harsh climates and harsh winters may cause death for young calves as well as older adults.
Ovis aries --- Ovis aries breeds on a seasonal basis, determined by day length, with females (ewes) first becoming fertile in the early fall and remaining fertile through midwinter.
Ovis canadensis --- Ovis canadensis females have been mated when 10 to 11 months old in captivity, but they generally do not breed until their second or third year in the wild.
Ovis canadensis --- Ovis canadensis females have been mated when 10 to 11 months old in captivity, but they generally do not breed until their second or third year in the wild. (Festa-Bianchet, 1999)
Ovis canadensis --- They are completely weaned by 4 to 6 months of age.Ovis canadensis females have been mated when 10 to 11 months old in captivity, but they generally do not breed until their second or third year in the wild.
Oxyura jamaicensis --- This is observed frequently in Oxyura jamaicensis and is known as parasitic laying.
Ozotoceros bezoarticus --- Ozotoceros bezoarticus is a seasonal breeder.
P. africanus --- Female P. africanus spend most of their lives in groups called soundings, but prior to giving birth they become solitary.
P. alberti --- Only female P. alberti care for chicks.
P. anubis --- P. hamadryas, or they may continue to grow until the adult body size is attained, as in P. anubis.
P. anubis --- There does not seem to be cooperative care of offspring among females in P. anubis, but it is not uncommon for females other than the mother to groom an infant, sometimes providing allomaternal care to the infant.
P. audax --- This behavior is restricted to P. audax.
P. bengalensis --- Information about life span is predicated upon comparisons to leopard cats (P. bengalensis) due to the lack of longevity studies on P. iriomotensis in the wild or in captivity.
P. brasiliana --- Reproduction in P. brasiliana has been reported to be homothallic, which is in contrast to the observations of heterothallic auxosporulation in other Pseudo-nitzschia spp.
P. brasiliana --- This explains the mysterious appearance of large cells in P. brasiliana cultures
P. bulleri --- Female P. bulleri have six mammae: one pectoral pair and two lingual pairs.
P. californicus --- Related species (P. maniculatus, P. californicus, and P. leucopus) have expected lifespans in the wild of 342.2 days for males and 280.9 days for breeding females.
P. calliantha --- Reproduction in P. calliantha is heterothallic
P. calliantha --- Sexual reproduction has been described in P. multiseries, P. pseudodelicatissima, P. calliantha (Davidovich & Bates 1998), P. subcurvata (Fryxell et al. 1991) and P. delicatissima (Amato et al. 2005).
P. cancrivorus --- Data are lacking on the longevity of P. cancrivorus.
P. cepapi --- In order to move her young, a female P. cepapi will carry the young by gripping the ventral body surface of its hindleg in her mouth.
P. cepapi --- Male P. cepapi increase the frequency of mating calls when approaching mating season.
P. cinereus --- An estimation of the lifespan of P. cinereus may be 4 to 5 years in the wild ("Ringtail and greater gliding possums", 2004) and up to 15 years for captive females (Springer and Kirsch, 1989).
P. collinus --- Beyond these details on specific behaviors of P. collinus, we can infer that this species is not unlike other small murine rodents.
P. ctenodactylus --- Dipus sagitta breeds in the same season as P. ctenodactylus and appears to have other similarities as well.
P. ctenodactylus --- Lifespan has not been recorded for P. ctenodactylus, but two other species of jerboa, Scirtopoda telum, the thick tailed three toed jerboa, and Allactaga sibirica, the jumper jerboa, have both been observed to live around 2 years in the wild.
P. cynocephalus --- Cooperative care of offspring is not present in P. cynocephalus, but it is not uncommon for females other than the mother to groom an infant, sometimes providing allomaternal care to the infant.
P. d. daitoensis --- In P. d. daitoensis mating takes place between November and early January and birth between May and June (Thatcher 2004).
P. davyi --- For adult, male P. davyi, testes size fluctuates throughout the year, with greatest lengths recorded during the mating season.
P. delicatissima --- Sexual reproduction has been described in P. multiseries, P. pseudodelicatissima, P. calliantha (Davidovich & Bates 1998), P. subcurvata (Fryxell et al. 1991) and P. delicatissima (Amato et al. 2005).
P. duprasi --- The age of P. duprasi may be determined by how worn the molars are and the closing of the skull sutures.
P. duprasi --- The gestation period for P. duprasi is between 19 to 22 days.
P. elegans --- Longevity of P. elegans is not known, but a related species, P. petaurista, lived up to 16 years in captivity. (Grzimek, 1990; Nowak, 1991)
P. elegans --- Parental care in P. elegans has not been studied, but if mated pairs remain together throughout the year (as in P. petaurista) suggests that both males and females care for their offspring until independence. (Nowak, 1991)
P. fasciatus --- Because P. fasciatus is a mammal, we know that the female cares for the young, providing them with milk.
P. flavescens --- There is little information on the mating systems of P. flavescens.
P. fulva --- Pacific golden plovers (P. fulva).
P. fuscatus --- The mating season for P. fuscatus is during the spring and summer.
P. herbertensis --- The maximum known lifespan for P. herbertensis is 6 years.
P. hosei --- Information on the life span of P. hosei was not found but other, small flying squirrels may live to 5 to 6 years old in the wild.
P. hosei --- The mating system of P. hosei is unknown.
P. iriomotensis --- Information about life span is predicated upon comparisons to leopard cats (P. bengalensis) due to the lack of longevity studies on P. iriomotensis in the wild or in captivity.
P. leucopus --- Like their sister taxon, P. leucopus, these mice probably form monogamous pairs under some cirumstances.
P. leucopus --- Related species (P. maniculatus, P. californicus, and P. leucopus) have expected lifespans in the wild of 342.2 days for males and 280.9 days for breeding females.
P. livingstonii --- There was no information specifically on parental investment in P. livingstonii.
P. maniculatus --- Related species (P. maniculatus, P. californicus, and P. leucopus) have expected lifespans in the wild of 342.2 days for males and 280.9 days for breeding females.
P. melalophos --- In Presbytis thomasi, a close relative of P. melalophos, females give birth to one offspring per interval.
P. micropus --- Most published research on hedgehog mating behaviors is of European hedgehog mating (Erinaceus europaeus) and there is little data available for P. micropus.
P. micropus --- Studies of desert hedgehogs, including P. micropus, often do not specify the species, particularly in work involving both P. micropus and long-eared hedgehogs (Hemiechinus auritus), which are also native to the region.
P. multiseries --- A Pseudo-nitzschia cell will become sexualized when cell length has decreased below a threshold size, known as the first cardinal point, which in P. multiseries, is approximately 63% of the length of largest cells (Bates & Davidovich 2002).
P. multiseries --- Sexual reproduction has been described in P. multiseries, P. pseudodelicatissima, P. calliantha (Davidovich & Bates 1998), P. subcurvata (Fryxell et al. 1991) and P. delicatissima (Amato et al. 2005).
P. multiseries --- The first paper reporting sexual reproduction in P. multiseries caused considerable debate and criticism for claiming that Pseudo-nitzschia, a pennate diatom, had oogamous reproduction (Subba Rao et al. 1991).
P. obesus --- Because of their short lifespan in the wild, P. obesus individuals only breed for one season, however they can give birth 2 to 4 times per season.
P. obesus --- The lifespan of P. obesus in the wild is about 14 months while those in captivity can live between three and four years.
P. pallidus --- P. cumingi, or of the other member of the genus, P. pallidus.
P. palpebrosus --- Although P. palpebrosus adults are long lived, the exact longevity is not known.
P. palpebrosus --- Sometimes, P. palpebrosus hatchlings are found alone or in pairs without any parental protection at all.
P. papio --- Further research on the social structure of P. papio will allow assessment of the inheritance of rank in this species, and help to clarify questions regarding the extent of parental care in this species.
P. papio --- The lifespan for P. papio is not known.
P. petaurista --- Longevity of P. elegans is not known, but a related species, P. petaurista, lived up to 16 years in captivity. (Grzimek, 1990; Nowak, 1991)
P. petaurista --- Parental care in P. elegans has not been studied, but if mated pairs remain together throughout the year (as in P. petaurista) suggests that both males and females care for their offspring until independence. (Nowak, 1991)
P. phalangioides --- The only parental care female P. phalangioides offer their young is nine days of protection as the prenymphs finish developing into spiders.
P. philippensis --- Little reseach has been done on the lifespan of P. philippensis.
P. poliocephalus --- Female P. poliocephalus carry their young, which cling to the fur on the mother's belly, for the first 4 to 5 weeks after birth.
P. pseudodelicatissima --- Sexual reproduction has been described in P. multiseries, P. pseudodelicatissima, P. calliantha (Davidovich & Bates 1998), P. subcurvata (Fryxell et al. 1991) and P. delicatissima (Amato et al. 2005).
P. pubis --- Reproduction is sexual, with the male P. pubis inserting his aedeagus (male reproductive intromittant organ) into the female genital opening and deposting sperm.
P. richardsonii --- The lifespan of P. richardsonii in the wild is not known, but one individual lived in captivity for 5 years and 4 months.
P. richardsonii --- The mating system of P. richardsonii has not been studied.
P. rodricensis --- Sources have not provided any information on the various forms of parental investment by P. rodricensis.
P. roxellana --- In most primates, the period of dependence is fairly extended, and it is likely that this is the case for P. roxellana.
P. rubriventris --- Female P. rubriventris provide no parental care once they lay their eggs and cover the nest.
P. rubriventris --- The lifespan of P. rubriventris ranges from 40 to 55 years.
P. rufus --- Sources have not provided any information on the various forms of parental investment by P. rufus.
P. scapulatus --- As flying mammals typically have lifespans longer than expected based solely upon their body size, it is likely that P. scapulatus has a similarly long lifespan.
P. scapulatus --- There are no data on this behavior P. scapulatus.
P. strobus --- Seeds of P. strobus are eaten by a variety of wildlife, especially small mammals.
P. subcurvata --- Sexual reproduction has been described in P. multiseries, P. pseudodelicatissima, P. calliantha (Davidovich & Bates 1998), P. subcurvata (Fryxell et al. 1991) and P. delicatissima (Amato et al. 2005).
P. subflavus --- Female P. subflavus carry their babies to different roosts.
P. subflavus --- The known record for the oldest P. subflavus is 14.8 years. (Nowak, 1991; Whitaker and Hamilton, 1998)
P. tattersali --- Although the mating system of P. tattersali has not been described, another member of the genus, Propithecus verreauxi, is reported to mate polygynously.
P. ursinus --- A chacma baboon (P. ursinus) is reported to have lived 45 years in captivity.
P. ursinus --- There does not seem to be cooperative care of offspring among females in P. ursinus, but it is not uncommon for females other than the mother to groom an infant, sometimes providing allomaternal care to the infant.
P. verreauxi --- As in all primates, P. verreauxi females provide their offspring with nutrition from milk, grooming, protection, and socialization.
P. verreauxi --- However, in P. verreauxi, captive individuals may live longer than 23 years.
P. verus --- Female P. verus carry their young around in their mouths for a few weeks after birth, a behavior not observed in Colobus species.
P. verus --- It is likely that P. verus is similar.
P.ornata --- Female P.ornata lay one to two eggs, often attached to one another and will hold eggs pressed together with her hind legs until the shells become hard.
Pachygrapsus crassipes --- Pachygrapsus crassipes reproduces sexually.
Pachygrapsus crassipes --- Pachygrapsus crassipes that are larger than this can be considered in the third or fourth year.
Pachygrapsus crassipes --- When Pachygrapsus crassipes are in the crab stage there is a correlation between the size of the carapace and the age.
Palaemonetes pugio --- Palaemonetes pugio reproduces annually when the water warms up.
Paleosuchus trigonatus --- Paleosuchus trigonatus males reach sexual maturity when they have grown to at least 1.4 meters, females at around 1.3 meters.
Pan troglodytes --- This would make the lifespan of these animals comparable to that of Pan troglodytes.
Pan troglodytes --- This would make the lifespan of these animals comparable to that of Pan troglodytes. (Furuichi et al., 1998; Furuichi, 1989)
Pandion haliaetus --- These include woodpecker holes, on rafters, under the eaves of barns, in the crannies of Pandion haliaetus large nests, and in clumps of cattails.
Panthera leo --- Some species (e.g. Callithrix jacchus and Panthera leo) display cooperative breeding, in which groups of females, and sometimes males, share the care of young from one or more females.
Panthera tigris --- Clouded leopards also share parts of their geographic range with larger predators that kill potential competitors, such as Panthera tigris or Panthera pardus.
Panthera pardus --- Clouded leopards also share parts of their geographic range with larger predators that kill potential competitors, such as Panthera tigris or Panthera pardus.
Panthera tigris --- Clouded leopards also share parts of their geographic range with larger predators that kill potential competitors, such as Panthera tigris or Panthera pardus.
Panulirus cygnus --- The male Panulirus cygnus approach the soft females, and turn them over onto their backs.
Papilio anchisiades --- Female Papilio anchisiades lay their eggs in groups on host plant leaves.
Papilio polyxenes asterias --- They have also been observed chasing other insects while patrolling, including monarchs Danaus plexippes, black swallowtails Papilio polyxenes asterias, great spangled fritillaries Speyeria cybele and aphrodite fritillaries Speyeria aphrodite (B.J. Barton, personal observation, Kopper et al. 2001).
Papio anubis --- It is likely, that as in Papio anubis, differences between females in the length of the interbirth interval are related to differences in nutritional status or social stress levels.
Papio anubis --- It is likely, that as in Papio anubis, differences between females in the length of the interbirth interval are related to differences in nutritional status or social stress levels. (Bercovitch, 1987; Hrdy and Whitten, 1987)
Papio anubis --- Papio anubis females are reported to have receptivity of 15 to 20 day during the middle portion of their estrous cycles.
Papio anubis --- Papio anubis females produce aliphatic acids, enhance their attractiveness to potential mates. (Walters, 1986)
Papio hamadryas --- In some cases, however, the social structure resembles that of Papio hamadryas, with single males controlling a group of females.
Papio hamadryas --- The maximum lifespan of a captive Papio hamadryas is measured at 37.5 years.
Papio ursinus --- A captive Papio ursinus is reported to have lived 45 years in captivity.
Papio ursinus --- Papio ursinus females are receptive throughout their cycle, but copulations peak during the mid portion of the cycle. (Walters, 1986)
Pappogeomys bulleri --- Another species in the family Geomyidae, Buller's pocket gopher (Pappogeomys bulleri), is believed to be polygynous.
Pappogeomys bulleri --- Pappogeomys bulleri is thought to have a polygynous mating system.
Pappogeomys castanops --- Pappogeomys castanops will often have multiple litters in a single year, and there are generally two young per litter.
Pappogeomys tylorhinus --- There is little information on the mating system and behavior of Queretaro pocket gophers, but in a close relative, Pappogeomys tylorhinus, the sexes meet only to breed.
Paraclinus marmoratus --- Males of some clinids, such as Paraclinus marmoratus, may be sequentially polygynous.
Paradipus ctenodactylus --- Little is known about the reproductive habits of Paradipus ctenodactylus.
Paradoxurus zeylonensis --- Very little is known about the reproduction of Paradoxurus zeylonensis.
Paragonimus kellicotti --- This specific lung fluke, Paragonimus kellicotti, has been known to survive for a period of up to 20 years in the lungs of a living human body.
Parahyaena brunnea --- Parahyaena brunnea reach full size by 30 months.
Paranechinus apicalis --- Paranechinus apicalis will mate throughout March and April.
Parantechinus apicalis --- In captivity and in the wild Parantechinus apicalis individuals live 2 to 3 years.
Parascaris equorum --- Parascaris equorum require 14-17 days for migration of the larvae through the liver and the lungs and 79-110 days to become gametogenically functional. (Hyman, 1951)
Parascaris equorum --- The life cycle of Parascaris equorum starts in the small intestine when the adult worms meet and mate.
Paraxerus cepapi --- However, in a related species, Smith's bush squirrels (Paraxerus cepapi), there is more information.
Paraxerus cepapi --- Paraxerus cepapi parents often approach their young and groom them forcefully.
Paraxerus flavovittis --- There is no available information on the lifespan/longevity of Paraxerus flavovittis.
Passer domesticus --- The oldest recorded Old World sparrow was a house sparrow (Passer domesticus) that lived to be 13 years and 4 months in the wild.
Passer domesticus --- There is one record of a house sparrow (Passer domesticus) raising seven broods in a single season.
Passer griseus --- There are also records of grey-headed sparrows (Passer griseus) that survived 11 years in captivity, golden sparrows (Passer luteus) living 9 to 14 years in captivity and house sparrows living 12 to 14 years in captivity.
Passer griseus --- There are also records of grey-headed sparrows (Passer griseus) that survived 11 years in captivity, golden sparrows (Passer luteus) living 9 to 14 years in captivity and house sparrows living 12 to 14 years in captivity. (Summers-Smith, 1988)
Passer luteus --- There are also records of grey-headed sparrows (Passer griseus) that survived 11 years in captivity, golden sparrows (Passer luteus) living 9 to 14 years in captivity and house sparrows living 12 to 14 years in captivity. (Summers-Smith, 1988)
Pasteurella multocida --- Botulism (Clostridium botulinum) and avian cholera (Pasteurella multocida), both bacterial diseases, impact blue-winged teal populations heavily through ingestion of the bacteria.
Patagona gigas --- The size of hummingbird eggs range from 8 by 11 mm in bee hummingbirds (Mellisuga helenae) to 12 by 20 mm in giant hummingbirds (Patagona gigas).
Pelagia noctiluca --- Unlike other species which have a bottom-dwelling polyp stage, Pelagia noctiluca 's planulae develop directly into ephyrae, young medusae.
Pelagia noctiluca --- Unlike other species which have a bottom-dwelling polyp stage, Pelagia noctiluca's planulae develop directly into ephyrae, young medusae.
Pelea capreolus --- In captivity Pelea capreolus does not thrive and is rarely found in captivity (Nowak, 2001).
Pelea capreolus --- In the wild, Pelea capreolus has been reported to live 8-10 years.
Pelea capreolus --- Mating takes place for Pelea capreolus in April, when males fight over females.
Pelecanoides urinatrix --- Magellanic diving petrel longevity has not been documented, although it is presumed to be similar to that of Pelecanoides urinatrix.
Pelecanoides urinatrix --- Magellanic diving petrel longevity has not been documented, although it is presumed to be similar to that of Pelecanoides urinatrix. (del Hoyo, Elliott, and Sargatal, 1992)
Pelecanoides urinatrix --- Other aspects of their reproduction are probably similar to Pelecanoides urinatrix.
Pelecanoides urinatrix --- Other aspects of their reproduction are probably similar to Pelecanoides urinatrix. (Brooke, 2004; del Hoyo, Elliott, and Sargatal, 1992)
Pelecanus erythrorhynchos --- Pelecanus erythrorhynchos, the white pelican, has been recorded to live up to 34 years in captivity.
Pelecanus erythrorhynchos --- Pelecanus erythrorhynchos, the white pelican, has been recorded to live up to 34 years in captivity. (Terres, 1980)
Pelecanus occidentalis --- Pelecanus occidentalis, the brown pelican, has been recorded to live up to 31 years in the wild and 29 in captivity.
Pentalagus furnessi --- Pentalagus furnessi usually mate in November or December.
Penthetor lucasi --- One study of pregnancy in Penthetor lucasi revealed that the highest number of pregnant females were recorded in September, very few females were pregnant in June, and there were no recorded pregnancies in January, February, March, and July (Nowak 1999).
Penthetor lucasi --- Research indicates that breeding in Penthetor lucasi is seasonal.
Peponocephala electra --- Little is known about the lifespan or longevity of Peponocephala electra.
Peponocephala electra --- Little is known of the parental habits of Peponocephala electra, but it is assumed that mothers care for and nurse her young until they reach independence.
Peponocephala electra --- Nothing is known about the mating systems of Peponocephala electra or its close relatives. ("MarineBio", 2009; "Melon-Headed Whale - MarineBio.org", 2009; Allen, 2008; Dutton, 1981) Little is known about the reproduction of Peponocephala electra.
Perameles gunnii --- The reproductive rate for Perameles gunnii is very high.
Micropterus salmoides --- For example, common species, such as the Perca fluviatilis (aka Perca fluviatilis) and Micropterus salmoides can live 25 and 15 to 24 years respectively.
Perca fluviatilis --- For example, common species, such as the Perca fluviatilis (aka Perca fluviatilis) and Micropterus salmoides can live 25 and 15 to 24 years respectively.
Perca fluviatilis --- Perca fluviatilis (aka Perca fluviatilis) and Micropterus salmoides can live 25 and 15 to 24 years respectively.
Perennial monogamy --- Perennial monogamy, or year-round pair bonding, occurs in at least a dozen avian families, including cockatoos and other parrots (Psittaciformes).
Perennial monogamy --- Perennial monogamy, or year-round pair bonding, occurs in at least a dozen avian families, including cockatoos and other parrots (Psittaciformes). (Oring et al., 1982)
Periplaneta americana --- Female Periplaneta americana produce many different sex pheromones to attract a suitable mate.
Periplaneta americana --- The development of Periplaneta americana is hemimetabolous, meaning there is no major metamophosis.
Perisoreus canadensis --- Perisoreus canadensis breeds in coniferous forests and sometimes in mixed coniferous-deciduous woodlands.
Peromyscus --- As with most species of the genus Peromyscus, the cotton mouse has a relatively short lifespan, averaging four to five months.
Peromyscus --- As with most species of the genus Peromyscus, the cotton mouse has a relatively short lifespan, averaging four to five months. (Nowak, 1999; Wilson and Ruff, 1999; Wolfe and Linzey, June 1977)
Peromyscus --- It has been shown that in several species of the genus Peromyscus, the male remains with the female to help care for the young, although no data exist for Peromyscus gossypinus. (Nowak, 1999; Wolfe and Linzey, June 1977)
Peromyscus attwateri --- The average lifespan of the Peromyscus attwateri is 6.8 months, but can live as long as 18 months.
Peromyscus attwateri --- The average lifespan of the Peromyscus attwateri is 6.8 months, but can live as long as 18 months. (Davis and Schmidly, 1994)
Peromyscus aztecus --- Peromyscus aztecus breed throughout the year if it is not too cold or too hot.
Peromyscus boylii --- Additional studies, throughout the range of Peromyscus boylii, are needed to characterize further the type of mating system or systems operating in this species. Breeding in Peromyscus boylii occurs throughout most of the year, although the majority of young are born in spring and early summer (Bradley and Schmidly 1999).
Peromyscus boylii --- At birth, young Peromyscus boylii are hairless and blind and rely on the mother for care (Bradley and Schmidly 1999). (Bradley and Schmidly, 1999)
Peromyscus boylii --- Consequently, little information on the mating system in Peromyscus boylii is available.
Peromyscus boylii --- However, Ribble and Stanley (1998) found that the spatial distributions of male and female Peromyscus boylii in their New Mexico study populations were indicative of a promiscuous mating system.
Peromyscus boylii --- Little information on the life span/longevity of Peromyscus boylii in the wild is available.
Peromyscus boylii --- The social behavior of Peromyscus boylii has not been well studied when compared to other species of Peromyscus (Wolff 1989).
Peromyscus boylii --- In a long-term mark-recapture study of Peromyscus boylii in Arizona, Abbott et al. (1999) found that of more than 300 individuals most survived one year or less.
Peromyscus californicus --- Compared to other species of Peromyscus, Peromyscus californicus young are rather precocious, although weaning is not completed for about 5 weeks.
Peromyscus californicus --- In some species, like Peromyscus polionotus or Peromyscus californicus, mating appears to be strictly monogamous.
Peromyscus californicus --- In the lab Peromyscus californicus can have up to 6 litters per year, but in the wild the average is 3-4.
Peromyscus californicus --- Unlike most mice Peromyscus californicus is truly monogamous, and once mated will stay paired for life (McCade and Blanchard 1950; Ribble 1991; Ribble and Salvioni 1990; Guvernick and Nelson 1990). (McCabe and Blanchard, 1950; Ribble, 1992)
Peromyscus eremicus --- Like other Peromyscus species they are likely to have a promiscuous mating system. The gestation period for Peromyscus eremicus is 20 to 25 days.
Peromyscus eremicus --- Male Peromyscus eremicus have a simple penis, distinct from the complex penis of some other murids.
Peromyscus eremicus --- The penis is nevertheless broad, and its size has been suggested to increase "locking" during 3.5 percent of copulations (Species Information Library Peromyscus eremicus 1994).
Peromyscus gossypinus --- Because Peromyscus gossypinus is also a very widespread species, it is likely that such litter size variation with lattitude also occurs in this species.
Peromyscus gossypinus --- Because Peromyscus gossypinus is also a very widespread species, it is likely that such litter size variation with lattitude also occurs in this species. (Millar, 1989; Wolfe and Linzey, June 1977)
Peromyscus gossypinus --- Because Peromyscus gossypinus occurs in a great variety of habitats and ecological conditions, it is likely that there is some variability in mating systems.
Peromyscus gossypinus --- In other parts of the range, Peromyscus gossypinus has been seen in breeding condition in spring, summer, and autumn.
Peromyscus gossypinus --- It has been shown that in several species of the genus Peromyscus, the male remains with the female to help care for the young, although no data exist for Peromyscus gossypinus.
Peromyscus gossypinus --- Peromyscus gossypinus females give birth to their young in a nest constructed of primarily cotton.
Peromyscus gossypinus --- Peromyscus gossypinus produces at least 4 litters per breeding season.
Peromyscus leucopus --- In other species, like Peromyscus leucopus and Peromyscus maniculatus, breeding can be polygynous or monogamous, depending upon ecological conditons.
Peromyscus leucopus --- In other species, like Peromyscus leucopus and Peromyscus maniculatus, breeding can be polygynous or monogamous, depending upon ecological conditons. (Nowak, 1999)
Peromyscus leucopus --- In the sister species of cotton mice, Peromyscus leucopus, variation in litter size with latitude has been reported.
Peromyscus maniculatus --- An individual Peromyscus maniculatus lived to be eight years old in captivity, but studies have shown that mice in this genus rarely live more than a year in the wild.
Peromyscus maniculatus --- In other species, like Peromyscus leucopus and Peromyscus maniculatus, breeding can be polygynous or monogamous, depending upon ecological conditons.
Peromyscus maniculatus --- In other species, like Peromyscus leucopus and Peromyscus maniculatus, breeding can be polygynous or monogamous, depending upon ecological conditons. (Nowak, 1999)
Peromyscus maniculatus --- Peromyscus maniculatus is polygynous (Kirkland and Layne 1989). Female Peromyscus maniculatus are seasonally polyestrous with an estrous cycle of about five days.
Peromyscus maniculatus --- Peromyscus maniculatus is very altricial at birth but develops quickly.
Peromyscus maniculatus --- Peromyscus maniculatus may have litters containing from one to eleven young with typical litters containing four, five, or six individuals (Baker 1983).
Peromyscus maniculatus --- The longest known record of longevity for Peromyscus in a laboratory is 8 years and 4 month (Peromyscus maniculatus). (Vazquez, Cameron, and Medellin, 2001)
Peromyscus polionotus --- Breeding of Peromyscus polionotus occurs throughout the year.
Peromyscus polionotus --- In some species, like Peromyscus polionotus or Peromyscus californicus, mating appears to be strictly monogamous.
Peropteryx kappleri --- No information was available on the lifespan of Peropteryx kappleri in either the wild or in captivity.
Peropteryx kappleri --- Reports on the mating systems of Peropteryx kappleri vary as to whether or not females form harems that are monopolized by one or a few males.
Peropteryx macrotis --- Information about the lifespan of Peropteryx macrotis is unavailable.
Peropteryx macrotis --- Information about the parental investment of Peropteryx macrotis is unavailable.
Peroryctes raffrayana --- Peroryctes raffrayana are polyestrous, and usually have a litter of between one and six young.
Petaurista petaurista --- Because Petaurista petaurista is a nocturnal animal, little is known about its reproductive activities.
Petauroides volans --- For example, Petauroides volans live in small family groups that consist of a mated pair and their offspring. (Nowak, 1991)
Petauroides volans --- Petauroides volans reach sexual maturity after 2 years, lemuroid ringtail possumss may have a similar pattern.
Petauroides volans --- Petauroides volans reach sexual maturity after 2 years, lemuroid ringtail possumss may have a similar pattern. (Baverstock et al., 1990; Burnie and Wilson, 2005; Flannery, 1994; Lindenmayer and Lacy, 1995; Vaughan, Ryan, and Czaplewski, 2000; Winter, 1995)
Petaurus norfolcensis --- At the age of 110-120 days, the young of Petaurus norfolcensis begin to venture out and forage with their mother (Suckling 1995).
Petaurus norfolcensis --- During the breeding season, female Petaurus norfolcensis exhibit a well-developed pouch (Nowak 1999) that is maintained through December (Smith 1979).
Petaurus norfolcensis --- Male Petaurus norfolcensis produce sperm throughout the year (Smith 1979). The typical litter consists of one or two young (Nowak 1999).
Petaurus norfolcensis --- The breeding season in Petaurus norfolcensis occurs during June and July, with a gestation period that lasts slightly less than three weeks (Suckling 1995, Nowak 1999).
Petrogale concinna --- Captive Petrogale concinna breed throughout the year, and post-partum estrus and embryonic diapause occur.
Petrogale concinna --- Captive Petrogale concinna females are known to attack males after mating by kicking and bites to the back of head and neck.
Petrogale concinna --- The maximum known lifespan of Petrogale concinna is 17 years.
Petrogale concinna --- The maximum known lifespan of Petrogale concinna is 17 years. (Ohio University, 2006)
Petrogale lateralis --- Very little information is available for Petrogale lateralis; the following account is based primarily on other wallaby species.
Petrogale penicillata --- The few matings that have been observed among Petrogale penicillata involve only females and males who are established on refuges.
Petrogale penicillata --- There are few details about parental investment in Petrogale penicillata.
Petrogale penicillata inornata --- The process of birth has been observed on one occasion in the rock-wallaby Petrogale penicillata inornata.
Petrogale xanthopus --- Given good nutrition and living conditions, Petrogale xanthopus breed all year long.
Petromus typicus --- Petromus typicus reach adulthood near the age of nine months. (Coetzee, 2002; Heinemann, 1975) Little is known regarding the parental investment of Petromus typicus.
Petromus typicus --- Petromus typicus reach adulthood near the age of nine months. Little is known regarding the parental investment of Petromus typicus.
Petromus typicus --- Relatively little is known regarding the mating systems of Petromus typicus.
Petromus typicus --- The lifespan of Petromus typicus is unknown.
Petropseudes dahli --- Petropseudes dahli is one of few obligate monogamous marsupial species.
Phacellodomus rufifrons --- Troupials are well known as nest pirates, seeking and seizing the covered, hanging stick nests of common thornbirds (Phacellodomus rufifrons) or great kiskadees (Pitangus sulphuratus).
Phalanger lullulae --- Mating behavior has not been observed in Phalanger lullulae.
Phalanger orientalis --- Because Phalanger orientalis has not been well studied, information on the reproctive behavior is sparse.
Phalanger orientalis --- The gestation period for Phalanger orientalis lasts around 13 days.
Phalaropus lobatus --- The Phalaropus lobatus females will arrive at the Artic breeding grounds in May to mid-June before the males and will compete among themselves and display in small parties.
Phaner furcifer --- Dwarf lemurs (Cheirogaleus) have been recorded living up to 23.2 years old and fork-marked lemurs (Phaner furcifer) have been recorded living up to 25 years in captivity.
Pharomachrus moccino --- Conservation efforts of a close relative, resplendent quetzals (Pharomachrus moccino), have shown that breeding rates are low and that lifespan is short in captivity.
Pharomachrus moccino --- More is known about its their close relatives, Pharomachrus moccino.
Phasianus colchicus --- Phasianus colchicus are known nest parasites of wild turkeys.
Phasianus colchicus --- Phasianus colchicus are known nest parasites of wild turkeys. (Eaton, 1992)
Phestilla sibogae --- Phestilla sibogae is a simultaneous hermaphrodite; this means that both male and female reproductive organs are present and mature at the same time.
Philander opossum --- Following weaning, young Philander opossum increase their body mass by a factor of ten.
Philander opossum --- However, Philander opossum does reproduce throughout the year, but at lower levels during the months of June to August.
Philepitta castanea --- Velvet asities (Philepitta castanea) seem to form dispersed leks where males hold territories on which they perform mating displays.
Philepitta schlegeli --- Schlegel&#8217;s asities (Philepitta schlegeli) drop their wings, fluff their breast feathers and lift up their tails while squeaking.
Philetairus socius --- African pygmy falcons rely on the social weavers (Philetairus socius) in the northeast part of their range and white-headed buffalo weavers (Dinemellia dinemelli) in the southwestern part of their range for nesting.
Philetairus socius --- In the wild, these birds commonly breed in the large, communal nests of Philetairus socius.
Phoca caspica --- In general, pinniped carnivores live longer than fissiped carnivores, with several species (odobenus rosmarus, Halichoerus grypus, Phoca hispida, Phoca caspica, and Phoca sibirica) reported to live 40 or more years in the wild. (Carey and Judge, 2002; King, 1989)
Phoca hispida --- In general, pinniped carnivores live longer than fissiped carnivores, with several species (odobenus rosmarus, Halichoerus grypus, Phoca hispida, Phoca caspica, and Phoca sibirica) reported to live 40 or more years in the wild. (Carey and Judge, 2002; King, 1989)
Phoca sibirica --- In general, pinniped carnivores live longer than fissiped carnivores, with several species (odobenus rosmarus, Halichoerus grypus, Phoca hispida, Phoca caspica, and Phoca sibirica) reported to live 40 or more years in the wild. (Carey and Judge, 2002; King, 1989)
Phoca vitulina --- Carnivore young range from highly precocial, harbor seal (Phoca vitulina) pups are able to swim a few minutes after birth, to altricial, as in Ursidae.
Phocoena phocoena --- It is not clearly known how extensive the mating season is in Phocoena phocoena, but it seems that mating mainly occurs from June to September with births occurring from May to August.
Phocoena phocoena --- Sexual maturity is reached by the fifth year, if not before, and the life span of Phocoena phocoena is believed to be anywhere from 6 to 20 years.
Phocoena sinus --- Phocoena sinus have non-annual ovulation, thus they do not produce calves each year (Hohn et al.
Phocoena sinus --- Phocoena sinus have non-annual ovulation, thus they do not produce calves each year (Hohn et al., 1996).
Phocoenoides dalli dalli --- Phocoenoides dalli dalli appear to have three major breeding grounds.
Phocoenoides dalli truei --- Phocoenoides dalli truei may breed off the northern coast of Japan.
Phocoenoides dalli truei --- Phocoenoides dalli truei may breed off the northern coast of Japan. (Klinowska, 1991; Reeves and Leatherwood, 1994)
Phodopus campbelli --- At birth, Phodopus campbelli are completely helpless and hairless.
Phodopus campbelli --- However, captive Phodopus campbelli have been extensively studied in various laboratory settings and their average lifespan ranges anywhere from 1.5 - 3 years.
Phodopus campbelli --- Minimal documentation exists regarding the lifespan of wild Phodopus campbelli.
Phodopus campbelli --- Wild Phodopus campbelli breed 3-5 times per year, whereas captive Phodopus campbelli breed year-round.
Phoenicopterus chilensis --- Flamingos breed colonially, with up to thousands of individuals, sometimes in mixed-species groups with Phoenicopterus chilensis or Phoenicoparrus jamesi.
Phoenicoparrus jamesi --- Flamingos breed colonially, with up to thousands of individuals, sometimes in mixed-species groups with Phoenicopterus chilensis or Phoenicoparrus jamesi.
Phoenicopterus chilensis --- Flamingos breed colonially, with up to thousands of individuals, sometimes in mixed-species groups with Phoenicopterus chilensis or Phoenicoparrus jamesi.
Pholcus phalangioides --- Pholcus phalangioides can live up to about three years.
Pholcus phalangioides --- Pholcus phalangioides can live up to about three years. (St&#252;ber, 1999)
Photinus pyralis --- Adult Photinus pyralis live 5 to 30 days.
Photinus pyralis --- Adult Photinus pyralis live 5 to 30 days. (Grzimek, 1972; Milne and Milne, 1980)
Photuris versicolor --- Courtship is nocturnal, and is done via flashing signals: like all Lampyridae (fireflies), Photuris versicolor has species-specific flashes, which are detailed right down to the duration of the flash, the length of time between flashes, the flash color, and the height at which the flasher flies.
Photuris versicolor --- Courtship is nocturnal, and is done via flashing signals: like all Lampyridae (fireflies), Photuris versicolor has species-specific flashes, which are species-specific in the duration of the flash, the length of time between flashes, the flash color, and the height at which the flasher flies.
Photuris versicolor --- Photuris versicolor has its own species-specific flash patterns, but many Photuris versicolor males mate by imitating the flashes of other species.
Photuris versicolor --- Photuris versicolor has its own species-specific flash patterns, but many Photuris versicolor males mate by imitating the flashes of other species.
Phrynosoma douglassii --- The mating season for Phrynosoma douglassii extends from April to June.
Phyllobates bicolor --- Most populations of Phyllobates bicolor breed continuously througout the rainy season, some every other month or even more frequently.
Phyllobates bicolor --- Phyllobates bicolor have external fertilization with the male fertilizing the eggs as the female deposits them.
Phyllobates terribilis --- Now the tadpole has changed into a miniature adult form of Phyllobates terribilis, awaiting further maturation and then reproduction.
Phyllobates terribilis --- The breeding season for Phyllobates terribilis is throughout the rainy season.
Phyllophaga crinita --- Once Phyllophaga crinita emerges from the soil in late spring or summer it begins its mating flight.
Phyllopteryx eques --- Phyllopteryx eques is approximately 20 mm at birth and grows to 20 cm within one year (Groves 1998).
Phyllopteryx eques --- Unlike most fish species, in Phyllopteryx eques the male incubates the eggs.
Phyllostomus hastatus --- Phyllostomus hastatus may be monoestrus (one reproductive bout per year) or polyestrus (multiple reproductive bouts in a year); the pattern may be geographically dependent.
Physalia --- Each gonozooid is comprised of gonophores, which are little more than sacs containing either ovaries or testes.
Physalia --- Fertilization of Physalia physalis is assumed to occur in the open water, because gametes from the gonozooids are shed into the water.
Physalia physalis --- Fertilization of Physalia physalis is assumed to occur in the open water, because gametes from the gonozooids are shed into the water.
Picoides borealis --- Picoides borealis is monogamous and pair bonding takes place throughout the year, whenever a female arrives in an unoccupied cavity cluster or nesting site.
Pinus massoniana --- In China, Chinese red pine (Pinus massoniana) and Chinese cork oak (Quercus variablis) are both preferred nesting trees, although other trees have also been used.
Pinus strobus --- Pinus strobus plants become reproductively mature between 5 and 10 years of age, but do not reach peak strobilus production until the age of about 20 years.
Pipa pipa --- Reproduction in Pipa pipa includes direct development of the young; there is no larval stage.
Pisaster ochraceous --- Asteroidea achieve a minimal life span of four to six years, and Pisaster ochraceous could reach an age of twenty years.
Pisaster ochraceous --- From studies in oceans and aquariums, it seems that many Asteroidea achieve a minimal life span of four to six years, and Pisaster ochraceous could reach an age of twenty years. (Grzimeck, 1972; Multi-Agency Rocky Intertidal Network, 2004)
Pisaster ochraceous --- Pisaster ochraceous is mainly dioecious.
Pitangus sulphuratus --- There is little known about Pitangus sulphuratus reproductive cycles.
Pitangus sulphuratus --- Troupials are well known as nest pirates, seeking and seizing the covered, hanging stick nests of common thornbirds (Phacellodomus rufifrons) or great kiskadees (Pitangus sulphuratus).
Pithecia albicans --- Most species reproduce seasonally and give birth to single offspring, although Pithecia albicans is reported to reproduce throughout the year.
Pithecophaga jefferyi --- Eagle - Pithecophaga jefferyi - ARKive", 2004; "Philippine Eagle Foundation", 2004; "Species Info &#8211; Philippine Eagle.
Pithecophaga jefferyi --- Pithecophaga jefferyi can live anywhere from 30 to 60 years.
Pithecophaga jefferyi --- Pithecophaga jefferyi mate for life.
Pitta caerulea --- Giant pittas (Pitta caerulea) in a zoo lived for more than 12 years.
Pitta caerulea --- Giant pittas (Pitta caerulea) in a zoo lived for more than 12 years. (Erritzoe, 2003)
Pitta moluccensis --- The oldest recorded pitta in the wild is a blue-winged pitta (Pitta moluccensis) that was recaptured 5.5 years after being banded.
Pituophis catenifer --- They originated from at least 50 racers, sharp-tailed snakes (Contia tenuis), ring-necked snakes (Diadophis punctatus), and gopher snakes (Pituophis catenifer) (Greene,1997). (Conant and Collins, 1998; Greene, 1997)
Placopecten magellanicus --- By the age of two, Placopecten magellanicus are sexually mature, but do not actively produce eggs until four.
Plagiorhynchus cylindraceus --- Plagiorhynchus cylindraceus are sexually dimorphic and favor a female-biased sex ratio.
Plagiorhynchus cylindraceus --- Plagiorhynchus cylindraceus mature in a bird's intestine.
Planigale ingrami --- Like all marsupials, Planigale ingrami give birth to underdeveloped young.
Planigale tenuirostris --- The female Planigale tenuirostris has 12 teats and a pouch.
Planigale tenuirostris --- Young Planigale tenuirostris detach from the teats at 36 days.
Platanista minor --- Little information is available about parental investment in Platanista minor, however, they most likely spend much time and energy on their offspring.
Platanista minor --- No data is available about the lifespan of Platanista minor.
Platanista minor --- Though scattered captive populations of Platanista minor exist, little is known about the mating behavior of any of the members of the Platanistidae family. (Herman, 1980; Moreno, 2004) Platanista minor breeds throughout the year, and has a very long gestation period of 8-11 months.
Platysternon megacephalum --- The reproductive habits of Platysternon megacephalum are almost completely unknown except for a few details.
Plecia nearctica --- Plecia nearctica are most noted for their copulating method.
Plecia nearctica --- Plecia nearctica emerge between the months of March and December, with the largest groups emerging in May and September.
Plecia nearctica --- Plecia nearctica emerge from their pupal stage ready to mate.
Plecotus auritus --- Although records show that Plecotus auritus are able to live up to thirty years, the average lifespan is seven years for males, sixteen years for females, and fifteen years for the sexes combined.
Plethodon cinereus --- Assuming that their habits are similar to their close relative, Plethodon cinereus, with which they were once considered conspecific, female Plethodon serratus must accumulate sufficient energy to develop and yolk eggs, defend a nesting territory, and then to remain with their eggs for the approximate two-month incubation period.
Plethodon cinereus --- However, it can be assumed that their mating systems would be similar to their better-studied close relative, Plethodon cinereus. (Camp, 1999; Petranka, 1998)
Plethodon cinereus --- Regional differences in breeding interval has been observed in populations of other Plethodon salamanders as well, including the red-backed salamanders (Plethodon cinereus) and slimy salamanders (Plethodon glutinosus).
Plethodon glutinosus --- Breeding of Plethodon glutinosus takes place at the beginning of April and eggs are deposited anytime from late spring in the northern part of the range to very late summer at the range's southern tip.
Plethodon glutinosus --- Regional differences in breeding interval has been observed in populations of other Plethodon salamanders as well, including the red-backed salamanders (Plethodon cinereus) and slimy salamanders (Plethodon glutinosus).
Plethodon jordani --- Male Plethodon jordani mature sexually at approximately 3 years of age.
Plethodon jordani --- Plethodon jordani has a mean generation time of 9.8 years, with 77% surviving to 10 years old.
Plethodon jordani --- Plethodon jordani has a mean generation time of 9.8 years, with 77% surviving to 10 years old. (Goin and Goin, 1962)
Plethodon serratus --- Assuming that their habits are similar to their close relative, Plethodon cinereus, with which they were once considered conspecific, female Plethodon serratus must accumulate sufficient energy to develop and yolk eggs, defend a nesting territory, and then to remain with their eggs for the approximate two-month incubation period.
Plethodon serratus --- Plethodon serratus is first ready to reproduce between 24 and 36 months after hatching.
Plethodon serratus --- The breeding season for Plethodon serratus is during the cool, moist winter months.
Plethodon serratus --- There have not been any studies conducted specifically on the courtship behavior of Plethodon serratus.
Pleurobema clava --- Pleurobema clava is a short-term brooder.
Pleurobema sintoxia --- Pleurobema sintoxia is a short-term brooder.
Pleuronectidae --- Lernaeocera branchialis develops into a copepodid, which attaches to an intermediate host, such as a lumpfish (e.g. Cyclopterus lumpus), sculpin (Cottidae), or flounder (Pleuronectidae).
Plocepasser mahali --- Occasionally northeastern birds will occupy the nests of white-browed sparrow weavers (Plocepasser mahali) and glossy starlings (Lamprotornis nitens).
Plocepasser mahali --- They also use the nests of Plocepasser mahali.
Podilymbus podiceps --- Like other grebes, Podilymbus podiceps is monogamous on a seasonal or multi-seasonal basis.
Podocnemis expansa --- Florida softshell turtles may produce more eggs per year (up to 225) than any reptile species other than South American river turtles (Podocnemis expansa), some of the marine turtles, or some Asian softshell species.
Poecile carolinensis --- Poecile carolinensis nests in holes in tree limbs or dead or decaying trees in which cavities can easily be constructed.
Poecilia formosa --- For instance, one unisexual species, which is actually part of a "species complex" (Poeciliidae), the Poecilia formosa, uses the sperm from two other bisexual species within the complex (Poecilia mexicana and Poecilia latipinna) to activate development of the eggs; only genetic material from the female lineage is retained (Moyle and Cech, 2004:162; Helfman et.
Poecilia latipinna --- For instance, one unisexual species, which is actually part of a "species complex" (Poeciliidae), the Poecilia formosa, uses the sperm from two other bisexual species within the complex (Poecilia mexicana and Poecilia latipinna) to activate development of the eggs; only genetic material from the female lineage is retained (Moyle and Cech, 2004:162; Helfman et.
Poecilia mexicana --- For instance, one unisexual species, which is actually part of a "species complex" (Poeciliidae), the Poecilia formosa, uses the sperm from two other bisexual species within the complex (Poecilia mexicana and Poecilia latipinna) to activate development of the eggs; only genetic material from the female lineage is retained (Moyle and Cech, 2004:162; Helfman et.
Poiana richarsonii --- Poiana richarsonii is probably similar to other members of the order Carnivora in this regard. (Nowak, 1999)
Poicephalus senegalus --- Not much information is known about the way Poicephalus senegalus breed in the wild, except that they nest in tall trees and their mating season is from September to November.
Poicephalus senegalus --- Poicephalus senegalus females sexually mature around the age of 2 years, males at 3 years, although they may not breed until much later (even as late as 6-7 years).
Polihierax semitorquatus --- More is known of Polihierax semitorquatus breeding habits in the southern portion of their range, but birds in both areas engage in a relatively quiet display that includes bobbing of the head, wagging of the tail, and calling.
Polihierax semitorquatus --- Polihierax semitorquatus is considered sexually mature at one year of age.
Polihierax semitorquatus --- Polihierax semitorquatus is usually seasonally monogamous, but is occasionally polyandrous, and it is not uncommon for two or more males to attend the same nest.
Polihierax semitorquatus --- Polihierax semitorquatus usually will breed once per year, but will sometimes produce two broods in a favorable year.
Polistes fuscatus --- The lifespan of Polistes fuscatus is approximately one year, or the time it takes a queen to develop and to mate.
Pollicipes polymerus --- Pollicipes polymerus follow many cues for settlement.
Pollicipes polymerus --- Pollicipes polymerus has a reproductive period of about eight months, and produces about three to four broods (five to seven are possible for a large barnacle.
Pollicipes polymerus --- Pollicipes polymerus is a hermaphrodite, meaning it is equipped with both male and female reproductive organs.
Polygonia comma --- Therefore, the female Polygonia comma prefer to lay their eggs on those plants on which the caterpillars feed.
Polystoma nearcticum --- Adult bladder forms of Polystoma nearcticum begin to lay eggs at the same time the host (tree frog) becomes sexually active in the spring, and they are voided with its urine.
Polystoma nearcticum --- Polystoma nearcticum go through two stages of development, the bladder generation and the branchial generation.
Pomacanthus --- For members of the genus Pomacanthus, spawning normally begins with the onset of dusk and is thought to be triggered by the decrease in light.
Pomacanthus annularis --- Some large angelfish, such as the Pomacanthus annularis have been recorded to live up to 25 years in an aquarium
Pomacentridae --- Polygyny is much more common than polyandry, and usually involves territorial males organized into harems (males breed exclusively with a group of females), as in numerous Cichlidae species and several families of reef fishes (Scaridae, Labridae and Pomacentridae, Malacanthidae, Acanthuridae and Balistidae). (Helfman, Collete, and Facey, 1997; Moyle and Cech, 2004)
Pomoxis nigromaculatus --- Both sexes of Pomoxis nigromaculatus reach their sexual maturity by the age of two and usually live seven years.
Porites --- Porites releases a chemical which induces the larvae to settle on it and begin metamorphosis.
Porphyrio martinica --- The related American species, Porphyrio martinica, has been recorded living up to 22 years in the wild.
Portia --- About an hour after copulation, Portia fimbriata males deposit a drop of sperm on the web.
Portia --- Interestingly, in other species of the genus Portia, when the female spins around on the male while suspended in air, she eats the male after copulation.
Portia fimbriata --- About an hour after copulation, Portia fimbriata males deposit a drop of sperm on the web.
Portia fimbriata --- Portia fimbriata are able to mate either on or off of the web.
Portia fimbriata --- Portia fimbriata does not display this cannibalistic behavior.
Potamilus alatus --- Potamilus alatus is a long-term brooder and probably spawns in the summer months in Michigan. (Lefevre and Curtis, 1912; Watters, 1995)
Potamochoerus larvatus --- Potamochoerus larvatus have a polygynous mating system wherein male bushpigs exlude other males from access to a group of females.
Potamogale velox --- Little in known about the longevity of Potamogale velox, but when held in captivity individuals quickly deteriorate (Nicoll, 1985).
Potamogale velox --- Little is known about the reproductive patterns of Potamogale velox, but females examined were generally developing twins (Nicoll, 1985).
Potorous gilberti --- Parental care in Potorous gilberti has not been described.
Potorous gilbertii --- However, reproduction in Potorous tridactylus has been well documented, and it is likely that Potorous gilbertii is similar in many respects.
Potorous gilbertii --- The lifespan of Potorous gilbertii is unknown, but its close relative, Potorous tridactylus, is known to live up to 7 years in the wild and up to 12 years in captivity.
Potorous gilbertii --- The lifespan of Potorous gilbertii is unknown, but its close relative, Potorous tridactylus, is known to live up to 7 years in the wild and up to 12 years in captivity. (Nowak, 1991)
Potorous tridactylus --- However, reproduction in Potorous tridactylus has been well documented, and it is likely that Potorous gilbertii is similar in many respects.
Potorous tridactylus --- In Potorous tridactylus, the mating system is polygamous.
Potorous tridactylus --- Interestingly, newborn offspring of Potorous tridactylus and other marsupials are much less developed at birth than placental offspring, and in fact, they resemble a human fetus after the first trimester of gestation (Myers 1997).
Potorous tridactylus --- Potorous tridactylus is a non-eutherian mammal; yet, male potoroos have adopted the above eutherian adaptation.
Potorous tridactylus --- The 42 day oestrus cycle of Potorous tridactylus is at the upper limit of that observed in marsupials, while its gestation period is about 38 days (Menkhorst 1995 and Tyndale-Biscoe 1973)
Potorous tridactylus --- The lifespan of Potorous gilbertii is unknown, but its close relative, Potorous tridactylus, is known to live up to 7 years in the wild and up to 12 years in captivity.
Potorous tridactylus --- The lifespan of Potorous gilbertii is unknown, but its close relative, Potorous tridactylus, is known to live up to 7 years in the wild and up to 12 years in captivity. (Nowak, 1991)
Potorous gilbertii --- However, reproduction in Potorous tridactylus has been well documented, and it is likely that Potorous gilbertii is similar in many respects.
Potorous tridactylus --- However, reproduction in Potorous tridactylus has been well documented, and it is likely that Potorous gilbertii is similar in many respects.
Presbytis thomasi --- In Presbytis thomasi, a close relative of P. melalophos, females give birth to one offspring per interval.
Prionailurus bengalensis --- Gestation is estimated at 60 days based on observations of leopard cats (Prionailurus bengalensis).
Prionailurus bengalensis --- Gestation is estimated at 60 days based on observations of leopard cats (Prionailurus bengalensis). (International Society for Endangered Cats Canada (ISEC Canada), 2001; IUCN Cat Specialist Group - The World Conservation Union, 1996; Okamura et al., 2000)
Prionailurus bengalensis --- In leopard cats (Prionailurus bengalensis), a female who has lost a litter may produce another within 5 months.
Prionailurus viverrina --- The closely related fishing cat (Prionailurus viverrina) has mating peaks in January and February.
Prionodon linsang --- A captive Prionodon linsang lived for 10 years and 8 months.
Prionodon linsang --- Newborn weight for Prionodon linsang is 40 g.
Prionodon pardicolor --- Although no details are available on the reproductive cycle of Prionodon pardicolor, the estrus cycle for banded linsangs (Prionodon linsang), a related species, is 11 days.
Prionodon pardicolor --- No data are available for Prionodon pardicolor. (Nowak, 1999)
Prionodon linsang --- Although no details are available on the reproductive cycle of Prionodon pardicolor, the estrus cycle for banded linsangs (Prionodon linsang), a related species, is 11 days.
Prionodon pardicolor --- Although no details are available on the reproductive cycle of Prionodon pardicolor, the estrus cycle for banded linsangs (Prionodon linsang), a related species, is 11 days.
Prionotus carolinus --- Current research being performed by McBride and Able (1994) shows differences in the reproductive location between Prionotus carolinus and Prionotus evolans.
Prionotus carolinus --- Throughout the winter, Prionotus carolinus are scattered throughout the continental shelf while Prionotus evolans are found in the warmer waters.
Prionotus evolans --- Prionotus carolinus shows up earlier in coastal habitats than Prionotus evolans.
Prionotus carolinus --- Prionotus carolinus shows up earlier in coastal habitats than Prionotus evolans.
Prionotus evolans --- Current research being performed by McBride and Able (1994) shows differences in the reproductive location between Prionotus carolinus and Prionotus evolans.
Prionotus evolans --- Throughout the winter, Prionotus carolinus are scattered throughout the continental shelf while Prionotus evolans are found in the warmer waters.
Prionotus carolinus --- Prionotus evolans are usually found in estuaries and the inner shelf habitats, where Prionotus carolinus are more often found in trawls between July and December.
Prionotus evolans --- Prionotus evolans are usually found in estuaries and the inner shelf habitats, where Prionotus carolinus are more often found in trawls between July and December.
Procnias tricarunculata --- Much of the specific details of reproduction in Procnias tricarunculata remains unstudied (Ridgely 1976).
Procnias tricarunculata --- Procnias tricarunculata breeds in the highlands (where it lives from March through September).
Procyon cancrivorus --- Procyon cancrivorus breeds once per year between July and September.
Procyon cancrivorus --- Procyon cancrivorus undoubtedly falls within this range of variation.
Procyon lotor --- At this point predators such as common raccoons (Procyon lotor) and grackles (Quiscalus) exploit open, unprotected nests.
Procyon lotor --- At this point predators such as common raccoons (Procyon lotor) and grackles (Quiscalus) exploit open, unprotected nests. (Telfair and Morrison, 1999)
Procyon lotor --- In 1982, a Procyon lotor was still surviving in a zoo after 20 years and seven months.
Procyon lotor --- In 1982, a Procyon lotor was still surviving in a zoo after 20 years and seven months. (De La Rosa and Nocke, 2000; Nowak, 1999)
Proechimys semispinosus --- Additional information on reproductive behavior for H. gymnurus is not available, but time of weaning is three to four weeks, and sexual maturity is reached at five months in the closely related species Proechimys semispinosus.
Profelis aurata --- Little is known of reproduction in Profelis aurata.
Progne dominicensis --- Male and female Progne dominicensis, like most birds, copulate by bringing the male and female cloacal surfaces into contact.
Progne dominicensis --- No information has been reported about the lifespan of Progne dominicensis.
Propithecus coquereli --- A captive Propithecus coquereli lived for 30.5 years.
Propithecus diadema --- In the close relative, Propithecus diadema, mothers are the primary caregivers of their offspring.
Propithecus diadema --- In their close relative, Propithecus diadema, several different mating systems occur.
Propithecus diadema --- Perrier's sifakas were once considered a subspecies of Propithecus diadema, diademed sifakas, which has been studied more thoroughly.
Propithecus perrieri --- Reproductive behavior of Propithecus perrieri has not been well-studied.
Propithecus perrieri --- There are no known Propithecus perrieri in captivity.
Propithecus tattersali --- Propithecus tattersali mates seasonally, usually in late January through March.
Propithecus verreauxi --- Although the mating system of P. tattersali has not been described, another member of the genus, Propithecus verreauxi, is reported to mate polygynously.
Propithecus verreauxi --- However, an individual of another species in the genus, Propithecus verreauxi, is reported to have lived beyon 23 years on captivity (Nowak, 1999).
Proptihecus perrieri --- There are no published reports of parental investment in Proptihecus perrieri.
Proteles cristatus --- Proteles cristatus forms monogamous mating pairs.
Psephenus herricki --- Psephenus herricki females lay hundreds or thousands of small, bright yellow eggs on submerged and emergent objects in stream riffles with fast current.
Pseudacris triseriata --- In Michigan, the breeding season of Pseudacris triseriata begins in mid-March and runs through late May, although most activity occurs in April.
Pseudalopex griseus --- Data on lifespan for Pseudalopex griseus are not available.
Pseudalopex griseus --- Studies of Pseudalopex griseus in Patagonia indicate that mating is monogamous, with a mated pair maintaining their territory throughout the year.
Pseudalopex gymnocercus --- However an individual from a congeneric species, Pseudalopex gymnocercus, lived for 13 years and 8 months in capivity.
Pseudalopex gymnocercus --- However an individual from a congeneric species, Pseudalopex gymnocercus, lived for 13 years and 8 months in capivity. (Nowak, 1999)
Pseudemys concinna --- With regards to a closely related species, Pseudemys concinna, the male pursues the female and sniffs her tail after the female releases a pheromone.
Pseudemys rubriventris --- Pseudemys rubriventris produce one clutch of eggs yearly containing 8 to 22 eggs.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- A Pseudo-nitzschia cell will become sexualized when cell length has decreased below a threshold size, known as the first cardinal point, which in P. multiseries, is approximately 63% of the length of largest cells (Bates & Davidovich 2002).
Pseudo-nitzschia --- Clonal cultures of Pseudo-nitzschia decrease in size over time, as described previously, and also lose their ability to produce DA (Bates 1998).
Pseudo-nitzschia --- Clonal cultures of Pseudo-nitzschia will gradually decrease in cell size over time and eventually die if they do not undergo sexual reproduction.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- Despite some differences in the amount of time necessary to complete sexual reproduction, the mating process is similar in all Pseudo-nitzschia species tested.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- During this size window, cultures of Pseudo-nitzschia can be mixed together to stimulate sexual reproduction.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- Mating in Pseudo-nitzschia can be achieved simply by mixing clones of the same species, but opposite sex.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- Preliminary work has shown an interesting relationship between epibiont bacteria and Pseudo-nitzschia sexual reproduction.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- Pseudo-nitzschia is dioecious, meaning that male and female gametes are produced by separate clones and intraclonal mating is rare or absent.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- Pseudo-nitzschia, like many pennate diatoms, can reproduce sexually (Geitler 1935).
Pseudo-nitzschia --- Sexual reproduction in Pseudo-nitzschia is important for domoic acid (DA) production.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- The first paper reporting sexual reproduction in P. multiseries caused considerable debate and criticism for claiming that Pseudo-nitzschia, a pennate diatom, had oogamous reproduction (Subba Rao et al. 1991).
Pseudo-nitzschia --- There is also some evidence that a type of pheromone or other chemical is being produced by sexually active Pseudo-nitzschia.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- These sexes are referred to as + and - in Pseudo-nitzschia.
Pseudo-nitzschia --- While no monoecious clones of Pseudo-nitzschia have been reported, mating between two clones of the same sex has been observed, suggesting that a single culture could switch sex under some conditions which have not yet been investigated, or more than one mating type exists (Davidovich & Bates 1998).
Pseudo-nitzschia calliantha --- Pseudo-nitzschia calliantha can reproduce asexually through cell division and sexually to restore cell size (Davidovich & Bates 1998).
Pseudo-nitzschia multiseries --- Pseudo-nitzschia multiseries reproduces asexually through cell division and sexually (Bates & Davidovich 2002).
Pseudo-nitzschia spp. --- Reproduction in P. brasiliana has been reported to be homothallic, which is in contrast to the observations of heterothallic auxosporulation in other Pseudo-nitzschia spp. (Quijano-Scheggia et al. 2009).
Pseudocalyptomena graueri --- Besides this information, little else is known about the reproduction of Pseudocalyptomena graueri (Keith and al., 1992).
Pseudocalyptomena graueri --- Pseudocalyptomena graueri are thought to have long breeding seasons.
Pseudocheirus herbertensis --- Although the specific maturation time of Pseudocheirus herbertensis is unknown, for the genera Pseudochirulus, young leave their mother's pouch after 10 weeks.
Pseudochirulus cinereus --- Because Pseudochirulus cinereus is smaller in size compared to other ringtail possums, they may have a shorter generation time (Springer and Kirsch, 1989). ("Ringtail and greater gliding possums", 2004; Nowak, 1999; Springer and Kirsch, 1989)
Pseudochirulus cinereus --- Information regarding much of the reproduction of Pseudochirulus cinereus is unknown (Springer and Kirsch, 1989).
Pseudochirulus cinereus --- Pseudochirulus cinereus individuals may start reproducing between 18 months and 2 years old (Springer and Kirsch, 1989).
Pseudochirulus cinereus --- Researchers, however, believe that Pseudochirulus cinereus may live longer than their smaller Pseudochirulus relatives (Springer and Kirsch, 1989).
Pseudochirulus cinereus --- There is little information on the reproduction in Pseudochirulus cinereus.
Pseudomys higginsi --- At eight days Pseudomys higginsi can crawl even though their eyes aren't open yet.
Pseudomys higginsi --- By 40 days Pseudomys higginsi is near adult size except for the tail, which grows until the 75th day.
Pseudomys higginsi --- Maximum lifespan of Pseudomys higginsi in the wild is about 18 months.
Pseudomys higginsi --- Pseudomys higginsi has a breeding season from November to April.
Pseudomys higginsi --- Pseudomys higginsi mothers leave their altricial young in a nest while they go out to forage.
Pseudomys higginsi --- Young Pseudomys higginsi are born in natal fur with a head and body length one-third the size of the mother.
Pseudotriton montanus --- Pseudotriton montanus has been found to live past 15 years in captivity.
Pseudotriton ruber --- Pseudotriton ruber displays aquatic courtship from spring through fall; courtship involves the male rubbing his snout on the female's head and chin, and eventually moving forward as the female follows with her chin on the male's tail.
Psithyrus ashtoni --- Psithyrus ashtoni bees rear no workers, so they rely on host workers to assist them in rearing offspring.
Psithyrus ashtoni --- Psithyrus ashtoni females attempting to maintain a dominant egg-laying position after the queen has lost dominance face animosity by the laying workers.
Psithyrus ashtoni --- The earlier Psithyrus ashtoni are introduced into a host nest, the longer they will wait before laying their eggs.
Pteridium aquilinum --- In fact Dpps initial report on the existence of antheridiogens involved the study of cultured gametophytes of Pteridium aquilinum, and the species is still used a standard for assaying the production of antheridiogen A in ferns.
Pteridium aquilinum --- Pteridium aquilinum is a genetically diploid, sexual, homosporous fern producing haploid spores that are dispersed by air and gravity.
Pteridium aquilinum --- Sheffield et al. (1989b) used isozyme data to document a single clone of Pteridium aquilinum in Great Britain whose rhizome apparently covered an area 390 m in length.
Pteridophora alberti --- Courtship displays and nesting of Pteridophora alberti take place between September and April.
Pterois volitans --- Only while courting will Pterois volitans aggregate with other individuals.
Pteromys volans --- Pteromys volans has one or two litters a year each consisting of anywhere from 1-6 young.
Pteromys volans --- The information on the reproduction of Pteromys volans is contradictory and incomplete.
Pteromyscus pulverulentus --- Pteromyscus pulverulentus individuals breed and give birth in Malaysia in all months of the year (Medway, 1978).
Pteronura brasiliensis --- Reproduction in Pteronura brasiliensis is documented primarily by observations done in captivity.
Pteronura brasiliensis --- Sexual maturity of Pteronura brasiliensis is reached at 2 years. The estimated lifetime of Pteronura brasiliensis is 10-13 years. Carter and Rosas (1997), Gittleman (1989), Macdonald (1984), Nowak (1991), Parker (1990), Redford and Eisenberg (1992)
Pteronura brasiliensis --- Young Pteronura brasiliensis are weaned 3-4 months after birth.
Pteropus conspicillatus --- Female Pteropus conspicillatus reach sexual maturity at two years of age.
Pteropus dasymallus --- Pteropus dasymallus have low reproductive rates.
Pteropus giganteus --- Females are defended from intruding males by males that live in their roosting tree. (Altringham, 1996) Pteropus giganteus breeds yearly, with mating occurring from July to October, and births occurring from February to May.
Pteropus giganteus --- Other bats from the same family, (Pteropus poliocephalis, Pteropus giganteus, and Rousettus aegyptiacus), recognize their young through vocalizations and olfaction.
Pteropus males --- In many species of Pteropus males form mating harems during temporary breeding aggregations. (Nowak and Ronald M, 1999)
Pteropus melanotus --- Little is known about the reproductive behavior of Pteropus melanotus except that breeding occurs once a year, and February tends to be the peak birthing time.
Pteropus melanotus --- Pteropus melanotus individuals reach sexual maturity in only six months, less than any other Pteropididae species which generally reach sexual maturity in 18 to 24 months. ("Christmas Island", 2006; Nowak and Ronald M, 1999)
Pteropus poliocephalis --- Other bats from the same family, (Pteropus poliocephalis, Pteropus giganteus, and Rousettus aegyptiacus), recognize their young through vocalizations and olfaction.
Pteropus pumilus --- The Lubee Foundation has a unique collection of species housed in captivity which includes the largest (1.2 kg, Pteropus vampyrus) and the smallest (180 g, Pteropus pumilus) species of the genus Pteropus.
Pteropus rodricensis --- Pteropus rodricensis is probably similar to other species of the same genus in terms of longevity. (Lubee Bat Conservancy, 2004)
Pteropus rufus --- Pteropus rufus is probably like other members of the genus in terms of lifespan. ("Ecology of Pteropus Rufus in Madagascar", 2004)
Pteropus samoensis --- Pteropus samoensis females give birth to one young per year.
Pteropus tokudae --- No information has been discerned about the reproductive pattern of Pteropus tokudae.
Pteropus vampyrus --- The Lubee Foundation has a unique collection of species housed in captivity which includes the largest (1.2 kg, Pteropus vampyrus) and the smallest (180 g, Pteropus pumilus) species of the genus Pteropus.
Pterpus tonganus --- The parental care of Pterpus tonganus as not been well documented.
Ptilocercus --- Because captive breeding has not been done with Ptilocercus, whether this strange parenting method characterizes the Pentail Tree Shrew is unknown.
Ptilocercus lowii --- Very little life history work has been done on Ptilocercus lowii, as it is rare and difficult to capture (compared to other tupaiids).
Ptychobranchus fasciolaris --- In the Huron River in Michigan, Ptychobranchus fasciolaris was gravid from mid-August to mid-May.
Ptychobranchus fasciolaris --- Michigan, Ptychobranchus fasciolaris was gravid from mid-August to mid-May.
Puffinus gravis --- Puffinus gravis is a colonial nester, nesting in burrows or crevices among boulders along hilly island shores.
Pugettia producta --- Pugettia producta undergoes a terminal molt upon reaching sexual maturity.
Pusa hispida --- In their closest relatives, Pusa hispida, as well as other seal species, males leave females soon after mating and do not help raise the newborn pups.
Pycnopodia helianthoides --- Pycnopodia helianthoides breeds by broadcast fertilization between March and July.
Pyganodon cataracta --- Dimock (1992) recorded nearly 1 million in a Pyganodon cataracta female.
Pyganodon cataracta --- The maximum amount of glochidia in one female is unknown, but Tankersley and Dimock (1992) recorded nearly 1 million in a Pyganodon cataracta female.
Pyganodon grandis --- In the Huron River in Michigan, Pyganodon grandis was gravid from early August to the following mid-April.
Pyganodon grandis --- Michigan, Pyganodon grandis was gravid from early August to the following mid-April.
Pyganodon lacustris --- Pyganodon lacustris is likely a long-term brooder and spawns in summer in Michigan.
Pyganodon lacustris --- Pyganodon lacustris is likely a long-term brooder and spawns in summer in Michigan. (Lefevre and Curtis, 1912; Watters, 1995)
Pygathrix nameaus --- Although the lifespan of these monkeys has not been described, individuals in the related species, douc langurs (Pygathrix nameaus) are reported to have lived about 26 years in captivity. (Nowak, 1999)
Pygocentrus nattereri --- Pygocentrus nattereri seems to have a type of courtship display that involves swimming in circles.
Pygoderma bilabiatum --- Elsewhere, many - Pygoderma bilabiatum - were caught with enlarged nipples, but they were not lactating (Myers, 1981; Webster and Owen, 1984).
Pygoderma bilabiatum --- Pygoderma bilabiatum - females have one offspring per pregnancy.
Pygoscelis papua --- Pygoscelis papua are the least abundant of penguin species with a total breeding population of approximately 314,000 pairs.
Pygoscelis papua --- Pygoscelis papua are the least abundant of penguin species with a total breeding population of approximately 314,000 pairs. (Bost,1994)
Python molurus --- During incubation female Python molurus use muscular contractions or "shivers" to raise their body temperatures slightly higher than the surrounding air temperature.
Python molurus --- Python molurus reaches sexual maturity between 2-3 years of age provided the proper body weight is met.
Quadrula pustulosa --- Quadrula pustulosa is a short-term brooder, and was recorded as gravid in Michigan from mid-May to mid-July.
Quadrula quadrula --- Quadrula quadrula is probably a short term brooder, mating in early summer and releasing glochidia in late summer.
Quadrula quadrula --- Quadrula quadrula is probably a short term brooder, mating in early summer and releasing glochidia in late summer. (Lefevre and Curtis, 1912; Watters, 1995)
Quercus ilicifolia --- Barton (1996) observed males flying low over vegetation then dropping down and presumably searching for females around the bases of blueberry bushes Vaccinium spp. and scrub oaks Quercus ilicifolia.
Quercus variablis --- In China, Chinese red pine (Pinus massoniana) and Chinese cork oak (Quercus variablis) are both preferred nesting trees, although other trees have also been used.
R. a. aurora --- R. a. draytonii eggs are attached at or near the surface of the water while R. a. aurora eggs are attached at a minimum depth of eighteen inches and at least two to three feet from the water's edge.
R. a. aurora --- The female lays egg masses (ranging from 2000 to 5000 eggs in R. a. draytonii and 500-1100 in R. a. aurora) in permanent bodies of water that contain extensive vegetation, consisting of cattails and tules or bulrushes growing in the water with a vertical orientation.
R. a. draytonii --- R. a. draytonii eggs are attached at or near the surface of the water while R. a. aurora eggs are attached at a minimum depth of eighteen inches and at least two to three feet from the water's edge.
R. a. draytonii --- The female lays egg masses (ranging from 2000 to 5000 eggs in R. a. draytonii and 500-1100 in R. a. aurora) in permanent bodies of water that contain extensive vegetation, consisting of cattails and tules or bulrushes growing in the water with a vertical orientation.
R. capensis --- There is no good documentation on the life expectancy of R. capensis.
R. fulvorufula --- Although no lifespan has been reported for R. fulvorufula, another species in the genus, R. redunca is reported to live as long as 18 years in captivity.
R. indica --- Little is known of mating behavior in R. indica.
R. kipunji --- Currently, information on the reproductive behavior of R. kipunji is limited.
R. kipunji --- There is no information on the approximate lifespan of R. kipunji.
R. niger --- Both sexes of R. niger attend to the eggs during the period of incubation.
R. norvegicus --- The mating system of R. norvegicus is best described as polygynandrous.
R. norvegicus --- The maximum lifespan of R. norvegicus is 4 years (in captivity).
R. rabida --- Reproduction in R. rabida is one of the most commonly debated and studied areas of the animal's behavior.
R. raphanurus --- The trapping of an adult male, adult female and two juveniles in one trap in a short time period led to the hypothesis that R. raphanurus live in family groups, indicating that both male and female participate in care of young.
R. rattus --- Because male members of R. rattus copulate with one female and then move on to the next, they don't contribute much to the care of the young.
R. raviventris --- It is not known if males of R. raviventris contribute to parental care.
R. redunca --- Although no lifespan has been reported for R. fulvorufula, another species in the genus, R. redunca is reported to live as long as 18 years in captivity.
Rabidosa rabida --- Female Rabidosa rabida drag their egg mass around, having spun a silken cocoon around the egg mass and attached it to spinnerets.
Rabidosa rabida --- Rabidosa rabida perform a series inter-bout turns in which one spider turns in a given direction based upon the direction in which the other spider turned previously.
Rabidosa rabida --- The larger, more fit Rabidosa rabida can live beyond two years in stable environments.
Rabidosa rabida --- The larger, more fit Rabidosa rabida can live beyond two years in stable environments. (Comstock and Gertsch, 1965)
Ramphastos sulfuratus --- Ramphastos sulfuratus is apparently monogamous.
Ramphastos sulfuratus --- Ramphastos sulfuratus nests in natural or wood-pecker made tree cavities and lays clutches of 2 to 4 white glossy eggs.
Ramphastos sulfuratus --- The brightly colored bill of Ramphastos sulfuratus probably does not have a great deal to do with mate selection, as both male and females share the same large beak and the same bright coloration.
Ramphastos sulfuratus --- The coloration is probably more of a camouflage in the brightly colored tropical regions where Ramphastos sulfuratus resides (Kricher, 1989; Beletsky, 1998).
Ramphastos swainsonii --- Like many toucan species, Ramphastos swainsonii builds its nest in cavities in trees.
Ramphastos toco --- However, related Ramphastos toco become sexually mature between the ages of 3 and 4 years old.
Ramphastos toco --- However, related Ramphastos toco become sexually mature between the ages of 3 and 4 years old. (Busch Entertainment Corporation, 2002; Skutch, 1985b; Stiles and Skutch, 1989)
Ramphastos toco --- Like all toucan species, Ramphastos toco nests in cavities high in the forest trees.
Ramphastos toco --- Ramphastos toco only has one clutch per year.
Ramphastos toco --- Toco toucans (Ramphastos toco) live up to 20 years in captivity.
Ramphastos toco --- Toco toucans (Ramphastos toco) live up to 20 years in captivity. (Busch Entertainment Corporation, 2002)
Rana areolata --- Rana areolata breeds during the months from February to April, and it is sometimes seen breeding in large numbers.
Rana grylio --- Although uncertain, Wright speculates that Rana grylio may go through metamorphosis after one year.
Rana grylio --- Immense choruses of Rana grylio erupt at night, when the vast majority of the mating occurs.
Rana grylio --- Wright speculates that Rana grylio may go through metamorphosis after one year.
Rana okaloosae --- Rana okaloosae tadpoles overwinter and metamorphose the next spring or summer.
Rana okaloosae --- Rana okaloosae tadpoles overwinter and metamorphose the next spring or summer. (Moler, 1992)
Rana spenochephala --- Rana spenochephala shows little to no parental investment in their offspring after laying an egg cluster.
Rana temporaria --- Rana temporaria breeds in warmer lowlands in February & March and in the north and at high altitudes as late as June.
Rangifer tarandus --- Even objects such as Rangifer tarandus bones are sometimes incorporated into nests.
Raphicerus campestris --- Grysboks have lifespans similar to Raphicerus campestris. (Kingdon, 1982)
Raphicerus sharpei --- Raphicerus sharpei can breed throughout the year.
Rattus argentiventer --- Rattus argentiventer is polyestrous with a 4 to 5 day estrus and a continuous breeding season.
Rattus argentiventer --- Young Rattus argentiventer reach sexual maturity at 3 months.
Rattus norvegicus --- Rattus norvegicus is capable of mating for up to two years. (Calhoun, 1962; Parker, 1990)
Rattus rattus --- Rattus rattus is able to breed throughout the year if conditions allow.
Rattus rattus --- Rattus rattus tends to live for about a year in the wild with an annual mortality rate of 91 to 97%.
Ratufa bicolor --- Gestation period in a close relative, Ratufa bicolor, was recorded to be 28 to 35 days in length.
Ratufa indica --- One captive Ratufa indica lived to be 20 years old, longevity in the wild is unknown.
Ratufa indica --- Ratufa indica build eagle-sized nests in the branches of trees and raise the young there until they begin to emerge from the nest and gain independence (Borges, 1992; Nowak, 1999).
Ratufa indica --- Reproductive behavior of Ratufa indica is poorly known.
Ratufa macroura --- It has been speculated that Ratufa macroura may raise several litters each year; however, this is unconfirmed (Nowak 1991).
Ratufa macroura --- Ratufa macroura are poorly studied and there is very little data available on their reproductive cycle.
Redunca fulvorufula --- Redunca fulvorufula is polygynous.
Reithrodon auritus --- The average lifespan of Reithrodon auritus in the wild is 3.7 months with a maximum longevity in the wild of about 15 months.
Reithrodontomys fulvescens --- Peaks in reproduction for Reithrodontomys fulvescens occur in late spring and early autumn with a breeding season that extends from February all the way through to October.
Reithrodontomys megalotis --- Reithrodontomys megalotis is a polygynous species, in which the dominant male mates with females during their estrus period. (Webster and Jones Jr., 1982) Few individuals live more than a year.
Reithrodontomys megalotis --- Reithrodontomys megalotis is known to undergo a post partum estrus cycle, allowing rapid production of litters.
Reithrodontomys montanus --- Reithrodontomys montanus goes through 2 changes in pelage before reaching adulthood.
Reticulitermes flavipes --- Reticulitermes flavipes reproduce in swarms.
Reticulitermes flavipes --- The queen does not store a lifetime supply of sperm, so Reticulitermes flavipes males remain as consorts to the queen (Benavides, 1998).
Reticulitermes flavipes --- This causes their wings to fall off (Benavides, 1998) This flight is not considered a mating flight because Reticulitermes flavipes are only sexually attracted to their mates after their wings have broken off (Light, 1922).
Rhabdomys pumilio --- For example, male four-striped grass mice (Rhabdomys pumilio) spend just as much time in the nest with their offspring as females do, grooming their young and retrieving them if they stray (Schradin and Pillay 2003).
Rhadinesthes decimus --- There is currently little or no information about this topic regarding Rhadinesthes decimus.
Rhadinesthes decimus --- We have no information about mating behavior in Rhadinesthes decimus.
Rhadinesthes decimus --- We have no information about parental investment by Rhadinesthes decimus.
Rheobatrachus silus --- In captivity, individual Rheobatrachus silus have lived up to 3 years.
Rhincodon typus --- However, many believe that the embryo was aborted (and subsequently expelled from the mother's body), and that Rhincodon typus are viviparous.
Rhinoclemmys pulcherrima --- Rhinoclemmys pulcherrima lays several clutches of three to five eggs from May to December.
Rhinoderma darwinii --- Female Rhinoderma darwinii lay their eggs on moist soil and when the eggs hatch, the males "swallow" the tadpoles and put them in their specialized vocal sacs.
Rhinolophus capensis --- Rhinolophus capensis are one of the many bat species that use delayed fertilization.
Rhinolophus eurylate --- August, it is likely that Rhinolophus eurylate is similar.
Rhinolophus eurylate --- Given that the young are flying in July or August, it is likely that Rhinolophus eurylate is similar. (Nowak, 1999) In species of Rhinolophus for which data are available, lactation lasts for approximately one month.
Rhinolophus ferrumequinum --- After mating, the vagina of Rhinolophus ferrumequinum females is closed by a vaginal plug secreted by the male.
Rhinolophus ferrumequinum --- Female Rhinolophus ferrumequinum return to the same roosting area year after year to give birth and care for their young.
Rhinolophus ferrumequinum --- However, one individual of the species Rhinolophus ferrumequinum in France was reported to have lived in excess of 27 years. (Nowak, 1999; Schober and Grimmberger, 1997)
Rhinolophus ferrumequinum --- Lifespan/ Longevity: The oldest recorded age of an Rhinolophus ferrumequinum is 30 years (Schober and Grimmberger, 1997)
Rhinophylla pumilio --- Life expectancy of Rhinophylla pumilio is not known.
Rhinophylla pumilio --- There is little available information on the parental involvement of Rhinophylla pumilio.
Rhodnius prolixus --- Rhodnius prolixus lay eggs in a circadian rhythm that is influenced by light and dark cycles.
Rhodnius prolixus --- Rhodnius prolixus lay eggs in a circadian rhythm that is influenced by light and dark cycles. (Ampleford and Davey, 1989; Roberts and Janovy, 2000)
Rhombomys opimus --- Rhombomys opimus is gregarious and often individuals will burrow close to one another.
Rhynchocyon cirnei --- Rhynchocyon cirnei breeds throughout the year.
Rodolia cardinalis --- Rodolia cardinalis reproduces sexually.
Romanomermis culicivorax --- Romanomermis culicivorax have separate sexes, with females being oviparous.
Romanomermis culicivorax --- Romanomermis culicivorax undergo four molts between the first stage and the adult(Maggenti 1997).
Romanomermis culicivorax --- Studies support cross-fertilization is the only mode of reproduction of Romanomermis culicivorax.
Rostrhamus sociabilis --- North American examples of these species include Circus cyaneus and Rostrhamus sociabilis.
Rousettus aegyptiacus --- Other bats from the same family, (Pteropus poliocephalis, Pteropus giganteus, and Rousettus aegyptiacus), recognize their young through vocalizations and olfaction.
Rucervus duvaucelii --- The oldest captive Rucervus duvaucelii reached 23 years of age; in the wild, individuals typically reach 20 years old.
Rucervus duvaucelii --- The oldest captive Rucervus duvaucelii reached 23 years of age; in the wild, individuals typically reach 20 years old. (Huffman, 2006; Massicot, 2005)
Rungwecebus kipunji --- A great deal of parental investment is characteristic of primates and the mother is generally the primary caregiver, so it is likely Rungwecebus kipunji shares these behaviors (McKenna, 1982; Simonds, 1974).
Rupicapra pyrenaica --- Rupicapra pyrenaica breeds seasonally, mating in the fall and giving birth in the spring (Nowak, 1983).
Rupicapra pyrenaica --- The young of Rupicapra pyrenaica can usually follow their mothers almost immediately after birth, and they rapidly improve their leaping ability during the first few days of their life (Nowak, 1983).
Rynchops niger --- Rynchops niger chicks are protected from overexposure to the elements by their parents.
S. annulatus --- Parental care has not been studied in S. annulatus.
S. annulatus --- The lifespan of S. annulatus is not known.
S. aquaticus --- Estrous behavior in unbred females follows a 12-day cycle, and estrus itself lasts about an hour in S. aquaticus.
S. arcticus --- It is likely that S. arcticus is similar.
S. arizonae --- However, it is likely that what is known about reproduction in S. hispidus, the sister species of S. arizonae will apply reasonably well to the latter species. (Davis and Young, 1999)
S. arizonae --- Longevity of S. arizonae has not been reported.
S. attenuata --- S. attenuata does not have any particular birthing season, although the number of births does rise in spring and autumn months.
S. bicolor --- Although not specifically reported for S. bicolor, it is likely that some of this helping behavior occurs.
S. bicolor --- It is likely that S. bicolor is similar.
S. boliviensis --- The breeding season for S. boliviensis is restricted to three months in length with estrus times averaging 7-8 days in length (Gibson,Kuehl, and Ruiz, 2005).
S. brasiliensis --- No information was found on S. brasiliensis reproductive parental care.
S. calurus --- Female S. calurus give birth to liters of three to five young in captivity, and two to three young in the wild.
S. celebensis --- Although not specifically reported for S. celebensis, it is possible that such relationships occur.
S. celebensis --- Infant S. celebensis exit their mother's pouch between five and eight months after birth, after which they are carried on their mother&#8217;s back.
S. celebensis --- The lifespan of S. celebensis is unknown.
S. elegans --- Parturition, which lasts approximately 95 minutes, occurs in late April to early May; the young of S. elegans appear above ground by late May or early June.
S. fulvivener --- No information was found on mating systems for S. fulvivener.
S. fulviventer --- Maximum lifespan/longevity for S. fulviventer is not known.
S. gaspensis --- Of the 67 S. gaspensis trapped during this time the majority (93%) were young of the year, but it is not known if they were independent by the time they were trapped.
S. gaspensis --- The life span of S. gaspensis is unknown, however, species from the genus Sorex typically live between one and two years.
S. glanis --- The longest know lifespan in the wild is 80 years old for S. glanis.
S. graellsi --- In the wild, the lifespan of S. graellsi is unknown, but in captivity they have lived 7 to 16 years.
S. hispidus --- However, it is likely that what is known about reproduction in S. hispidus, the sister species of S. arizonae will apply reasonably well to the latter species. (Davis and Young, 1999)
S. hoyi --- Because they are mammals, we know that S. hoyi females provide their young with milk.
S. insidiosus --- The mating system for S. insidiosus is not well documented.
S. insidiosus --- There is little information on longevity in S. insidiosus.
S. murinus --- Suncus varilla young stay with their mother for up to nine months after being weaned, whereas S. murinus young are separated from their parents within a few months. (Nowak, 1990)
S. poulsoni --- Amblyopsidae, S. poulsoni are likely gill cavity brooders, like their kin.
S. richteri --- Longevity in S. richteri is dependent upon caste.
S. rivulatus --- It is unknown how long S. rivulatus may live in captivity
S. rivulatus --- S. rivulatus are sequential hermaphrodites.
S. saturatus --- Individuals of S. saturatus are known to have lived at least 4 years in the wild.
S. sciureus --- In S. sciureus, females are reported to show passive tolerance of males, and may even initiate some mating mounts.
S. spirula --- Average life span for S. spirula is 1 to 1.5 years; very few specimens are captured and captivity life span is unknown. (Nesis, 1987)
S. spirula --- The breeding patterns in S. spirula are unknown.
S. tenuis --- Two close relatives, Sundasciurus lowii and S. tenuis, have litter sizes of 2 to 4.
S. townsendii --- It is thought that S. townsendii has a ifespan similar to that of the closely related species, Scapanus orarius.
S. tundrensis --- Nothing is known about the longevity of S. tundrensis in captivity.
S. tundrensis --- There is little specific information on reproduction in S. tundrensis.
S. v. melania --- Young born to the subspecies S. v. melania have the characteristic dark color of the adult. (Best, 1995; Klein, 1977)
S. variegatoides --- Little is known about parental investment in the species S. variegatoides.
S. variegatus --- The mating system of S. variegatus is polygynous and seasonal.
S. variegatus --- Very little is known about the lifespan of S. variegatus.
S. varilla --- It is not known if its behavioral characteristics are similar to those of S. varilla. (Nowak, 1990)
Saccostomus campestris --- Litter sizes range from 1 (Cricetomys gambianus) to 10 (Saccostomus campestris).
Saccostomus campestris --- Saccostomus campestris completes its breeding in the wet season so that the young are born when food will be readily available to the lactating mother and emerging juveniles.
Sagittarius serpentarius --- Sagittarius serpentarius may breed throughout the year, although there are peaks in breeding from August to March.
Sagittarius serpentarius --- The lifespan of Sagittarius serpentarius is currently unknown and further study is required.
Saguinus --- Several members of a Saguinus group will help provide food and care for the infants.
Saguinus --- The Genus Saguinus have specialized scent glands in the mid-chest region and in the area around the genitalia.
Saguinus geoffroyi --- However, Saguinus fuscicollis breeds between April and October, and Saguinus oedipus and Saguinus geoffroyi breed between January and February.
Saguinus oedipus --- However, Saguinus fuscicollis breeds between April and October, and Saguinus oedipus and Saguinus geoffroyi breed between January and February.
Saguinus fuscicollis --- However, Saguinus fuscicollis breeds between April and October, and Saguinus oedipus and Saguinus geoffroyi breed between January and February.
Saguinus geoffroyi --- Saguinus geoffroyi has a polyandrous mating system, that is, many males mate with only one female.
Saguinus geoffroyi --- The life span of Saguinus geoffroyi is about 13 years
Saguinus geoffroyi --- The life span of Saguinus geoffroyi is about 13 years (Grzimek, 1990,http://www.fsu.edu/~cppanama/ipsp/tamarin.htm, http://www.zoologi.su.se/personal/patrik/PrimData.htm, http://www.fsu.edu/~cppanama/ipsp/tamarin.htm, http://www.fsu.edu/~cppanama/ipsp/Tamarins.htm).
Saguinus graellsi --- Saguinus graellsi has a monogamous mating system and only the dominant female and dominant male mate.
Saguinus mystax --- The reproduction of Saguinus mystax is perhaps its most interesting feature.
Saguinus nigricollis --- Saguinus nigricollis has a gestation period of about 140 days, at which time females give birth to twins (78% of births).
Saguinus nigricollis --- Saguinus nigricollis has an average lifespan of 13.9 years in the wild (Rowe 1996).
Saguinus oedipus --- Saguinus oedipus gives birth to non-identical twins twice each year.
Saguinus oedipus --- Saguinus oedipus has a monogamous breeding system.
Saguinus tripartitus --- Little information is available about the lifespan of Saguinus tripartitus.
Saguinus tripartitus --- Saguinus tripartitus, like other Callitrichinae, live in groups in which only the dominant female mates, typically with multiple males.
Saguinus tripartitus --- Saguinus tripartitus, like other Callitrichinae, live in groups in which only the dominant female mates.
Saimiri boliviensis --- Saimiri boliviensis are polygynandrous creatures, meaning that both males and females in the troop may mate with multiple partners in a given breeding season.
Saimiri oerstedii --- Although no data were available Saimiri oerstedii, females of its sister species Saimiri sciureus are in a period of estrous around 12 to 36 hours (Hayssen et al., 1993)
Saimiri oerstedii --- Females of Saimiri oerstedii give birth to one young after a gestation period of 7 months (Reid, 1997).
Saimiri oerstedii --- For the first few weeks of its life, an infant of genus Saimiri, probably including Saimiri oerstedii, rides along on its mother's back and nurses, with little attention paid to it by the group members (Parker, 1990).
Saimiri oerstedii --- In other Saimiri (Saimiri oerstedii is poorly studied), social play first occurs around two months (Parker, 1990).
Saimiri oerstedii --- The birth rate in the genus Saimiri is about one birth per year (no information specifically for Saimiri oerstedii).
Saimiri sciureus --- Although no data were available Saimiri oerstedii, females of its sister species Saimiri sciureus are in a period of estrous around 12 to 36 hours (Hayssen et al., 1993)
Salamandra salamandra --- Salamandra salamandra is considered viviparous.
Salanoia concolor --- However, a Salanoia concolor is reported to have lived only 4 years and 9 months.
Salmincola edwardsii --- Female Salmincola edwardsii mature slower (11-14 days) than the males of their same generation (3-4 days).
Salmincola edwardsii --- Male Salmincola edwardsii have the ability to mate with chalimus IV females of their same generation and with prior generations of unfertilized, adult females.
Salmonella tymphimurium --- Limitations to lifespan include disease (for example Salmonella tymphimurium), parasitism, and sometimes exposure to cold temperatures.
Salpingotus crassicauda --- Salpingotus crassicauda females have eight teats and have an average litter of 2.7 young.
Salvelinus confluentus --- Salvelinus confluentus, whether in a lake or stream setting, become sexually mature between four and ten years old (Bjornn, 1991; USFWS, 1998).
Salvelinus namaycush --- Because of the colder water habitats preferred by - Salvelinus namaycush -, fertilized eggs require a long time to hatch.
Sarcoramphus papa --- The courting ritual of Sarcoramphus papa has only been observed in captivity; it is quite an elaborate show.
Sarotherodon galilaeus --- Sarotherodon galilaeus, of northern Africa, Israel and Jordan, illustrate how distinctions between mating systems are blurred by a single pair of spawning cichlids.
Sarotherodon melanotheron --- Behavioral studies reveal that male Sarotherodon melanotheron are less aggressive, and more selective, choosing larger females.
Sarotherodon melanotheron --- Female (maternal) mouthbrooding is most common and well known but in at least one species, Sarotherodon melanotheron, the male carries the young (paternal mouthbrooding).
Sarotherodon melanotheron --- Sarotherodon melanotheron males nurture eggs and fry in the mouth for 15 days after spawning, while females are capable of spawning just a week later.
Scapanus orarius --- It is thought that S. townsendii has a ifespan similar to that of the closely related species, Scapanus orarius.
Scapanus townsendii --- Scapanus townsendii breeds once per year between November and February.
Scaphiopus bombifrons --- Scaphiopus bombifrons - mates from May through August.
Scaphiopus couchii --- After the tadpole has undergone metamorphosis (30 to 40 days after the eggs have hatched), the adult Scaphiopus couchii is ready to reproduce.
Scaphiopus couchii --- Scaphiopus couchii (like other frogs and toads) breeds only during the warmer seasons of the year.
Scaridae --- Polygyny is much more common than polyandry, and usually involves territorial males organized into harems (males breed exclusively with a group of females), as in numerous Cichlidae species and several families of reef fishes (Scaridae, Labridae and Pomacentridae, Malacanthidae, Acanthuridae and Balistidae). (Helfman, Collete, and Facey, 1997; Moyle and Cech, 2004)
Scarus croicensis --- Finally, in Jamaica Scarus croicensis emphasizes aspects of the foraging group system and spawning only takes place in groups.
Scarus croicensis --- For instance, some species, such as Scarus croicensis, exhibit a wide range of reproductive behaviors depending on the area in which they are found.
Scarus croicensis --- In Panama, Scarus croicensis employs a system involving three classes of individuals: territorials, stationeries and foragers.
Scarus croicensis --- Jamaica Scarus croicensis emphasizes aspects of the foraging group system and spawning only takes place in groups.
Scarus vetula --- Scarus vetula have both an egg and a larval stage and a primary and a terminal phase where they change colors (Lowe-McConnell, 1987).
Scarus vetula --- Scarus vetula reproduce sexually with external fertilization.
Sceliphron --- During the summer, female blue mud wasps build nests by bringing water to abandoned mud nests made by other species of wasps (mainly the genus Sceliphron).
Schistomatium douthitti --- The adult stage of Schistomatium douthitti starts out in the mesentric veins of the host (a species of mammal).
Schistomatium douthitti --- The life cycle of Schistomatium douthitti is quite complex.
Schistosoma haematobium --- From the liver of the definitive host, Schistosoma haematobium travels to the bladder (venus plexus) where they begin to produce eggs.
Schistosoma haematobium --- Schistosoma haematobium has a very complex life cycle that is different from most other digenean life cycles.
Schistosoma haematobium --- Schistosoma haematobium is distinct from many trematodes in that the sexes are separate in this species.
Schistosoma mansoni --- Schistosoma mansoni are a unusual among flatworms because they are dioecious (separate sexes).
Schistosoma mansoni --- There is also a sporocyst stage in the larval stage of the life cycle of Schistosoma mansoni, which allows it to produce a very large quantity of offspring from a single zygote.
Scirtopoda telum --- Lifespan has not been recorded for P. ctenodactylus, but two other species of jerboa, Scirtopoda telum, the thick tailed three toed jerboa, and Allactaga sibirica, the jumper jerboa, have both been observed to live around 2 years in the wild.
Sciurus --- For the genus, the longest living Sciurus was 23 years in captivity and 8 to 12 years in the wild.
Sciurus --- For the genus, the longest living Sciurus was 23 years in captivity and 8 to 12 years in the wild. (Gurnell, 1987; Walker, 1983)
Sciurus --- In Sciurus, gestation lasts between 33-46 days.
Sciurus carolinensis --- However, detailed information is available for a closely related species, eastern gray squirrels (Sciurus carolinensis).
Sciurus carolinensis --- However, eastern grey squirrels (Sciurus carolinensis) depend on their mother's milk for 7 to 10 weeks and are born in strongly-built leaf nest held together by a woven framework of twigs or in tree cavities.
Sciurus carolinensis --- However, eastern grey squirrels (Sciurus carolinensis) depend on their mother's milk for 7 to 10 weeks and are born in strongly-built leaf nest held together by a woven framework of twigs or in tree cavities. (Elbroch, 2003; Koprowski, 1998; Osborn, 1999)
Sciurus carolinensis --- However, their close relative, eastern gray squirrels (Sciurus carolinensis) are seasonal breeders; their mating activities are triggered by changes in day length and their productivity is linked strongly to food supply.
Sciurus griseus --- Sexual maturity of Sciurus griseus is reached at 10 to 11 months.
Sciurus griseus --- When Sciurus griseus is approximately one year old it will begin breeding.
Sciurus oculatus --- It is likely that the mating system of Sciurus oculatus is similar. (Koprowski, 1998; Osborn, 1999)
Sciurus oculatus --- No studies have determined the average lifespan for Sciurus oculatus.
Scomber scombrus --- Some, like Scomber scombrus (Scomber scombrus), spawn all summer long.
Scopus umbretta --- Parents will sometimes inadvertently care for birds from other nests, including the young of black eagles (Ictinaetus malayensis) and hamerkops (Scopus umbretta). ("Storks (Ciconiidae)", 2003; Campbell, 1974; Perring and Middleton, 1985; Thompson, 1964)
Scutigera coleoptrata --- Scutigera coleoptrata is stimulated by pheromones and sound signals.
Scyliorhinus canicula --- In at least one species of catshark, Scyliorhinus canicula , the female is able to store sperm for delayed insemination.
Scyliorhinus canicula --- In at least one species of catshark, Scyliorhinus canicula, the female is able to store sperm for delayed insemination. (Compagno, 1988; Hamlett and Koob, 1999; Hamlett, 1999; Pratt, 1993; Wourms and Demski, 1993)
Scyliorhinus retifer --- After gestation of the eggs and deposition of embryos by the female, there is no parental investment by Scyliorhinus retifer.
Scyliorhinus retifer --- Scyliorhinus retifer, although certain captive Scyliorhinus retifer were at least nine years old at time of writing.
Scyliorhinus retifer --- There is no data regarding the lifespan of Scyliorhinus retifer, although certain captive Scyliorhinus retifer were at least nine years old at time of writing. (Castro, Overstrom, and Bubucis, 1988)
Scyllaea pelagica --- Characteristic of nudibranchs, the larva of Scyllaea pelagica pass through a planktonic trochophore-like stage (Kaestner 1967).
Scyllaea pelagica --- Scyllaea pelagica is hermaphroditic, but cross-fertilizes through reciprocal copulation.
Sebastes aleutianus --- Several species of rockfish (Sebastes mentella, Sebastes aleutianus and Sebastes aleutianus) live from 90 to 140 years!
Sebastes mentella --- Several species of rockfish (Sebastes mentella, Sebastes aleutianus and Sebastes aleutianus) live from 90 to 140 years!
Seiurus aurocapillus --- Seiurus aurocapillus generally breeds in mature deciduous or mixed broadleaf-conifer forest tracts with little undergrowth, but will occasionally breed in pine forests.
Seiurus aurocapillus --- Seiurus aurocapillus occasionally has two broods, and even three when spruce budworms are abundant.
Seiurus aurocapillus --- Seiurus aurocapillus requires relatively large contiguous forest areas for breeding.
Seiurus aurocapillus --- The male Seiurus aurocapillus displays above and near the female; often the male pursues the female in a wild courting flight, singing throughout the flight.
Seiurus aurocapillus --- The nest of Seiurus aurocapillus is built in the open, on leaf-covered floor of deciduous woods or just above the ground in a clump of low plants or shrubs.
Sekeetamys calurus --- Sekeetamys calurus are a seasonally monogamous species. (Ellerman, 1997; Liska, 2002; van Veen, 2004)
Sekeetamys calurus --- Sekeetamys calurus often form mating pairs that help care for the young.
Sekeetamys calurus --- Sexual maturity for Sekeetamys calurus is sixty to eighty days after birth.
Semibalanus balanoides --- Cross fertilization in Semibalanus balanoides occurs through the insertion of a long extensible penis into the mantle cavity of another acorn barancle that is within close proximity.
Semibalanus balanoides --- However, Semibalanus balanoides is a northern species that normally breeds over winter at optimal temperatures of 14 deg C.
Semibalanus balanoides --- Semibalanus balanoides are hermaphrodites that reproduce by internal fertilization.
Semnopithecus entellus --- Scientists believe that their reproduction is similar to a close relative of golden langurs, Semnopithecus entellus. (Academic Press Inc., 1967)
Semnopithecus entellus --- While parental care of the offspring has not been observed for golden langurs, it is presumed to be similar to that of Semnopithecus entellus.
Sepioteuthis sepioidea --- The mating rituals of Sepioteuthis sepioidea are ambiguous and complex.
Serinus mozambicus --- Serinus mozambicus breeds through the rainy season when there are sufficient food supplies to rear young.
Echinops telfairi --- By day 25, both species are weaned; adulthood is reached by day 40 (maturity in other spiny tenrec species [Setifer setsosus and Echinops telfairi] doesn&#8217;t occur for 6 months).
Setifer setsosus --- By day 25, both species are weaned; adulthood is reached by day 40 (maturity in other spiny tenrec species [Setifer setsosus and Echinops telfairi] doesn&#8217;t occur for 6 months).
Sialia mexicana --- Juvenile helpers are much more common among Sialia mexicana. (Gowaty and Plissner, 1998)
Siganus rivulatus --- Siganids characteristically school in small to large groups, with some species, such as Siganus rivulatus and Siganus luridus, breaking off into pairs or small units after spawning begins.
Siganus luridus --- Siganids characteristically school in small to large groups, with some species, such as Siganus rivulatus and Siganus luridus, breaking off into pairs or small units after spawning begins.
Siganus rivulatus --- Siganids characteristically school in small to large groups, with some species, such as Siganus rivulatus and Siganus luridus, breaking off into pairs or small units after spawning begins.
Siganus vulpinus --- Other members of the Siganidae family, such as the Siganus vulpinus, form monogamous pairs.
Sigmodon fulviventer --- Sigmodon fulviventer constructs a nest woven out of grasses in which it resides and cares for their young.
Sigmodon hispidus --- Sigmodon hispidus is known to undergo a postpartum estrus.
Simpsonaias ambigua --- Simpsonaias ambigua is probably a long-term brooder, spawning in the summer and retaining glochidia until the following spring. (Lefevre and Curtis, 1912; Oesch, 1984; Watters, 1995)
Sinea diadema --- Although both vision and antennal olfaction are important to various life processes, no further information was available for specific mating systems of Sinea diadema. The female Sinea diadema deposits large amounts of brown, cylindrical eggs in an upright position.
Sinea diadema --- Although no direct information was available, Sinea diadema emerges in the spring as an adult after having been in hibernation through the winter season.
Siren intermedia --- The courtship behavior of Siren intermedia has not yet been described.
Siren lacertina --- Little research has been done regarding Siren lacertina reproduction.
Sistrurus miliarius --- Sistrurus miliarius are oviparous (live bearing) and usually give birth during the month of August.
Sminthopsis longicaudata --- There is no information on reproduction in - Sminthopsis longicaudata - in the wild, but some studies have been performed on captive animals (Wooley and Valente 1986).
Sminthopsis longicaudata --- There is no information on reproduction in -Sminthopsis longicaudata- in the wild, but some studies have been performed on captive animals (Wooley and Valente 1986).
Sminthopsis macroura --- In a captive colony of Sminthopsis macroura, the breeding season was found to last from June to February.
Sminthopsis macroura --- Male Sminthopsis macroura show a relatively low amount of sperm production when compared to other Dasyurid species.
Sminthopsis macroura --- The following information was also obtained from captive colonies; it is not known from wild Sminthopsis macroura.
Solenodon --- Solenodon are relatively long lived animals.
Solenodon paradoxus --- Little is known about the mating system and behavior of Solenodon paradoxus.
Solenodon paradoxus --- Solenodon paradoxus is born with only a minimal layer of hair, barely covering its body.
Solenodon paradoxus --- There is very little information concerning the lifespan/longevity of Solenodon paradoxus.
Solenodon paradoxus --- Very little is known about the reproductive behavior of Solenodon paradoxus.
Solenostomos paradoxus --- Clutch size in Solenostomos paradoxus is variable.
Solenostomos paradoxus --- In Solenostomos paradoxus, these cells occur only on the inside surface of the pelvic fins of females (the brooders in this species.
Solenostomus paradoxus --- Solenostomus paradoxus is an external skin-brooding species.
Somniosus microcephalus --- No specific information about the longevity of Somniosus microcephalus exists.
Sorex araneus --- Sorex araneus can live for about 2 years.
Sorex cinereus --- The breeding season for Sorex cinereus occurs from April to October in eastern North America but may extend into November if food is plentiful.
Sorex dispar --- Due to the rare opportunities for study of Sorex dispar, not much is known about their reproductive and behavioral development.
Sorex dispar --- The reproductive season for Sorex dispar is between April through August and they usually have several litters throughout each year.
Sotalia fluviatilis --- The average body length at which the marine Sotalia fluviatilis reaches sexual maturity is between 160 cm to 170 cm.
Sotalia fluviatilis --- The gestation period of the Sotalia fluviatilis is approximately 11 to 12 months.
Sousa teuszii --- Sousa teuszii has not been thoroughly studied.
Spalacopus cyanus --- Based on colony age and sex ratios, the mating system of Spalacopus cyanus is likely polygynous, with males dispersing earlier than females.
Spalax ehrenbergi --- Spalax ehrenbergi mating behavior is categorized into three stages: agonistic, courtship, and copulation.
Spea bombifrons --- In some areas of the southwest Spea bombifrons uses the same breeding ponds as other Spea species and hybridization has been documented in the laboratory.
Spea bombifrons --- Spea bombifrons has been observed calling at mating ponds at temperatures as low as 10.5&#176;C. (Alberta Government, 2002; Cannatella and Bockstanz, 1999; Farrar and Hey, 2006; Lauzon, 1999; Sargeant et al., 1993)
Speoplatyrhinus poulsoni --- The lifespan of Speoplatyrhinus poulsoni is estimated at 5 to 10 years if they survive to adult size. (Kuhajda and Mayden, 2001; Romero, 1998)
Speothos venaticus --- Speothos venaticus is most likely a monogamous species. Captive observations have indicated that Speothos venaticus groups form dominance heirarchies and can exhibit aseasonal reproduction patterns based on social interactions (Nowak 1999).
Spermophilus beecheyi --- The mating season of Spermophilus beecheyi occurs in early spring, typically for a few weeks only.
Spermophilus beecheyi --- Young Spermophilus beecheyi may open their eyes at around 5 weeks of age.
Spermophilus beldingi --- Females of Spermophilus beldingi are the sole caregivers, with fathers spending no time helping to care for the young.
Spermophilus beldingi --- Spermophilus beldingi reaches sexual maturity at approximately 2 years.
Spermophilus brunneus --- Spermophilus brunneus females produce one litter per year.
Spermophilus brunneus --- Spermophilus brunneus is very unique in that it shows sexual behavior for at least 12 to 13 days before mating.
Spermophilus lateralis --- Like many rodents, Spermophilus lateralis pups are born hairless except for tiny whiskers and hairs on their head.
Spermophilus lateralis --- Studies have shown that Spermophilus lateralis prefers to have burrow entrances under significantly larger than average rocks or stumps Pups are altricial and require extensive maternal care, which declines when they are weaned between 24 to 32 days.
Spermophilus lateralis --- The difference in wild and captive lifespans reported by Bartles and Thompson may relfect differences in populations of Spermophilus lateralis, which vary greatly in habitat, hibernation pattern, and sociality.
Spermophilus mexicanus --- The lifespan of Spermophilus mexicanus is from 2 to 5 years (Walker 1975).
Spermophilus mexicanus --- Unlike many other species of scuirids, Spermophilus mexicanus only produces one litter per year (Lawlor 1979; Walker 1975).
Spermophilus parryii --- Spermophilus parryii live in colonies of 5 to 50 members.
Spermophilus saturatus --- Spermophilus saturatus is not known to store food.
Spermophilus spilosoma --- Litter sizes for Spermophilus spilosoma range from 4 to 12.
Spermophilus spilosoma --- Spermophilus spilosoma is diestrous in the southern part of its range (Streubel 1978).
Spermophilus spilosoma --- The dependence of juvenile Spermophilus spilosoma on their mothers ceases two to three weeks after their first emergence from the nest burrow (McCarley 1966).
Spermophilus spilosoma --- The gestation period for Spermophilus spilosoma is 24 days (Sumrell 1949).
Spermophilus tereticaudus --- The breeding season of Spermophilus tereticaudus starts in mid January with the enlargement of the male's testes.
Spermophilus tridecemlineatus --- Spermophilus tridecemlineatus is promiscuous.
Spermophilus washingtoni --- Litter size ranges from five to eleven (Verts and Carraway, 1998) and an average of eight embryos was found in a sample of 26 Spermophilus washingtoni (Hayssen et al., 1993).
Spermophilus washingtoni --- No information is available on the average lifespan of Spermophilus washingtoni.
Spermophilus washingtoni --- Only one litter per year is produced due to the small amount of time Spermophilus washingtoni are active above ground (Verts and Carraway, 1998).
Spermophilus washingtoni --- Spermophilus washingtoni reaches sexual maturity early and first breed as yearlings (Verts and Carraway, 1998). In 1941, T. Scheffer reported that Spermophilus washingtoni are polygamous, but little else has been reported on mating behavior or parental care. (Hayssen, van Teinhoven, and van Teinhoven, 1993; Tomich, 1982; Verts and Carraway, 1998)
Speyeria aphrodite --- They have also been observed chasing other insects while patrolling, including monarchs Danaus plexippes, black swallowtails Papilio polyxenes asterias, great spangled fritillaries Speyeria cybele and aphrodite fritillaries Speyeria aphrodite (B.J. Barton, personal observation, Kopper et al. 2001).
Speyeria cybele --- They have also been observed chasing other insects while patrolling, including monarchs Danaus plexippes, black swallowtails Papilio polyxenes asterias, great spangled fritillaries Speyeria cybele and aphrodite fritillaries Speyeria aphrodite (B.J. Barton, personal observation, Kopper et al. 2001).
Sphagnum --- The nest is usually located in Sphagnum of peat bog at the base of a small conifer on the ground.
Spheniscus humboldti --- Spheniscus humboldti begin breeding at about three years of age.
Spheniscus humboldti --- The average life span is 15 to 20 years for Spheniscus humboldti and there is a high mortality rate among the young (Busch Entertainment Corp. 2000).
Sphiggurus insidiosus --- Bahia hairy dwarf porcupines (Sphiggurus insidiosus) have 1 precocial young after a gestation period of about 200 days and the young become independent at 8 to 12 weeks after birth.
Sphiggurus insidiosus --- Similarly, Bahia hairy dwarf porcupines (Sphiggurus insidiosus) have 1 precocial young after a gestation period of about 200 days and the young become independent at 8 to 12 weeks after birth.
Sphiggurus mexicanus --- In Sphiggurus mexicanus, however, it is uncertain how mate selection occurs, though polygynandry is likely.
Sphiggurus mexicanus --- Little is known about parental investment in Sphiggurus mexicanus.
Sphiggurus mexicanus --- Little is known about the mating systems of Sphiggurus mexicanus.
Sphiggurus mexicanus --- Little is known about the reproductive behavior of Sphiggurus mexicanus.
Sphyraena barracuda --- It is still unclear about the timing and location of spawning of Sphyraena barracuda.
Sphyrna tiburo --- Sphyrna tiburo reproduces sexually and is viviparous.
Spilocuscus rufoniger --- Mating in Spilocuscus rufoniger is not well documented or observed.
Spilogale gracilis --- Spilogale gracilis undergoes delayed implantation, in which the fertilized egg does not implant into the uterine wall for a prolonged period of time.
Spilogale putorius --- Spilogale putorius also exhibits delayed implantation, but only in the northern part of its range.
Spirocera lupi --- Spirocera lupi are dioecious and after male and female find each other, via chemotactic an thigmotactic mechanisms, the males caudal papillae detects the female vulva.
Stagmomantis carolina --- There is one report of overlapping generations of Stagmomantis carolina occuring in Florida. (Hurd, 1999; Price, 1984)
Stagmomantis carolina --- This kind of cannibalism in Stagmomantis carolina has only been observed scientifically in the laboratory, and it is not known whether it occurs in natural conditions.
Stauroteuthis syrtensis --- The longevity of Stauroteuthis syrtensis is unknown.
Stauroteuthis syrtensis --- What little is known about reproduction in Stauroteuthis syrtensis has been has been determined by examining preserved specimens.
Stegostoma fasciatum --- Stegostoma fasciatum is oviparous.
Stenopus hispidus --- The female Stenopus hispidus mates with her paired male immediately after molting (Zhang et al., 1998).
Pelagodroma marina --- One possible explanation is the effect of nesting seabirds including Sterna anaethetus and Pelagodroma marina on resources.
Sterna anaethetus --- One possible explanation is the effect of nesting seabirds including Sterna anaethetus and Pelagodroma marina on resources.
Sternopygus macrurus --- The male Sternopygus macrurus defends a territory.
Strigops habroptilus --- Strigops habroptilus do not breed every year.
Strigops habroptilus --- The life expectancy of Strigops habroptilus is estimated to be approximately 45 - 60 years.
Strix nebulosa --- The female Strix nebulosa lays eggs in March- June, depending on temperature range (egg laying may be delayed in deep snow years).
Strix nebulosa --- Two to five dull white oval eggs are laid and are incubated by the female Strix nebulosa for a period of 28-29 days.
Strix varia --- Parental care is exhibited for up to six months in Strix varia.
Strix varia --- Strix varia is monogamous, pairing for life.
Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis --- Sexes of Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis are separate, but monomorphic (similar in appearance).
Strongylocentrotus purpuratus --- January, February, and March are the primary reproductive months of Strongylocentrotus purpuratus.
Strongylocentrotus purpuratus --- March are the primary reproductive months of Strongylocentrotus purpuratus.
Strongyloides stercoralis --- There are three stages in the life-cycle of Strongyloides stercoralis: free-living, parasitic, and autoinfection.
Strophitus undulatus --- Strophitus undulatus is a long-term brooder.
Suncus etruscus --- The mating system of Suncus etruscus is not very well understood.
Suncus etruscus --- The time in which Suncus etruscus breeds and the information about its young have not been widely studied.
Suncus etruscus --- There is little known about the life span of Suncus etruscus, but the lifespans of other species in the genus range from 1.5 to 3 years.
Suncus murinus --- However, other species in the genus Suncus have been known to breed at all times of the year, most notably Suncus murinus, which has been widely studied.
Suncus murinus --- In the case of Suncus murinus, both parents collect nesting material.
Suncus murinus --- Suncus murinus females, however, reach sexual maturity at around 36 days. (Nowak, 1990)
Suncus murinus --- Suncus murinus young have been seen caravanning behind their mother when they are learning to find their own food.
Suncus varilla --- Another member of the same genus, Suncus varilla, is reportd to be monogamous.
Suncus varilla --- Another member of the same genus, Suncus varilla, is reportd to be monogamous. (Nowak, 1999)
Suncus varilla --- It must be noted that the closely related species Suncus varilla appears to be monogamous, and pairs live together throughout the year.
Suncus varilla --- Suncus varilla apparently reaches sexual maturity about 24 months after birth.
Suncus varilla --- Suncus varilla young stay with their mother for up to nine months after being weaned, whereas S. murinus young are separated from their parents within a few months. (Nowak, 1990)
Sundasciurus lowii --- Two close relatives, Sundasciurus lowii and S. tenuis, have litter sizes of 2 to 4.
Sus salvanius --- Sus salvanius reaches sexual maturity at 13 to 33 months and may live 10 to 12 years in the wild.
Sus salvanius --- Sus salvanius reaches sexual maturity at 13 to 33 months and may live 10 to 12 years in the wild. (Huffman 1999; Massicot 2000)
Sus scrofa --- Female Sus scrofa give birth to their young in a nest constructed of grass.
Sus scrofa --- Male Sus scrofa are able to continuously sharpen their tusks by rubbing the lower ones against the upper ones.
Sus scrofa --- Sus scrofa individuals develop thick tissue around the front of the belly to help protect against stab wounds from tusks.
Sylvilagus aquaticus --- There is not much known about the wild or captive lifespans of Sylvilagus aquaticus because there have been very few studies examining this topic.
Sylvilagus brasiliensis --- Sylvilagus brasiliensis apparently reproduce only once per year.
Sylvilagus brasiliensis --- Sylvilagus brasiliensis has a gestation period of 42 to 45 days.
Sylvilagus palustris --- Litter reabsorptions, when a pregnancy is aborted and the nutrients of the unborn young are reabsorbed by the female, are uncommon in Sylvilagus palustris due to their small litter sizes.
Symbion pandora --- Symbion pandora reproduces both sexually and asexually.
Symbion pandora --- The larva develops within the female Symbion pandora She then dies and the larva escapes.
Symbion pandora --- The larva develops within the female Symbion pandora She then dies and the larva escapes. (Funch and Kristensen, 14 December 1995)
Synaptomys borealis --- Female Synaptomys borealis are capable of breeding one day after giving birth and are thus capable of having two or three litters per breeding season (Wilson et al, 1999).
Synaptomys borealis --- The breeding season for Synaptomys borealis extends from May to late August.
Syntomeida epilais --- Generally, there are three generations of Syntomeida epilais a year.
Syntomeida epilais --- Syntomeida epilais reproduces sexually, mating and laying their eggs on the undersides of the leaves of the oleander.
T. bancanus --- Other species in this genus have been reported to live as long as 13.5 years in captivity, and T. bancanus is probably similar.
T. billardierii --- Sexual maturity is slightly earlier in T. billardierii than in T. thetis, and it is possible that these other developmental events occur slightly later in the latter species as well. (Nowak, 1995)
T. c bauri --- Terrapene carolina triunguis does this in front of the female, and T. c bauri* males climb up on the females' carapace with all four feet and then pulsate.
T. c. bauri --- T. c. bauri males have added the behavior of pulsating their throats.
T. c. bauri --- Terrapene carolina triunguis and T. c. bauri both have somewhat different rituals, which may represent the ancestral method.
T. c. carolina --- Terrapene carolina major shows courtship and mating that is basically the same as in T. c. carolina, but they sometimes mate in shallow water.
T. canipes --- If this pattern holds for T. canipes, there is little time for young born in August to accumulate food caches to supply them through the winter months.
T. canipes --- Limits to longevity in T. canipes are probably similar.
T. cristatus --- Groups of T. cristatus are generally one-male groups in which one male defends and mates with multiple females.
T. cristatus --- The lifespan of T. cristatus has rarely been recorded.
T. dorsalis --- April are lean months and may play a crucial role in the copulation and breeding success of T. dorsalis.
T. fasciculata --- No specific information on parental investment in T. fasciculata is available, but their reproduction is thought to be similar to other Old World porcupines Hystricidae.
T. francoisi --- Female alloparental care of T. francoisi young has been documented and is a common trait among other Asian Colobinae species.
T. glis --- Reproduction in T. glis is characterized by delayed implantation of the blastocyst despite the female being in estrus during the interbirth phase.
T. granulosa --- Little is known about the longevity of T. granulosa, but marked specimens have been recaptured after 17-18 years.
T. granulosa --- Reproduction in T. granulosa is totally aquatic, usually occurring in still or slow-moving waters near vegetation.
T. indica --- Parental care in T. indica has not been described.
T. lipeuroides --- Adult T. lipeuroides are most abundant on the deer between November and April.
T. minor --- It is not known where in the spectrum of variation T. minor falls, but males of most species in the genus Tupaia form linear dominance heirarchies, which suggests that polygyny of some form may be the rule. (Nowak, 1999)
T. nudiventris --- Not much is known about longevity in T. nudiventris
T. obscurus --- It is likely that T. obscurus is similar to other members of the genus in this regard.
T. obscurus --- It is likely that T. obscurus is similar to other members of the genus in this regard. (Best and Granai, 1994; Callahan, 1976)
T. obscurus --- There is little information published regarding longevity in this species, but one T. obscurus is known to have lived in captivity for 10 years (Best and Granai, 1994).
T. pachypus --- In T. pachypus, recognition between the mother and pup is mutual.
T. pachypus --- The lifespan of T. pachypus is not reported.
T. senex --- Although there are no firm data for T. senex, we may assume that they are similar to other members of their subgenus.
T. senex --- It is likely that T. senex is similar.
T. speciosus --- It is likely that T. speciosus is similar.
T. speciosus --- It is likely that T. speciosus is similar. (Best, Clawson, and Clawson, 1994)
T. speciosus --- Not much is known about T. speciosus lifespan.
T. syrichta --- Although data are not available on the lifespan of this species, another member of the genus, T. syrichta, is reported to have lived 13.5 years in captivity.
T. syrichta --- In T. syrichta, gestation lasts 178 days, after which time a fully furred, well-developed offspring is born.
T. syrichta --- One T. syrichta is reported to have lived 13.5 years in captivity. It is likely that wild animals do not live as long as their captive counterparts.
T. talpoides --- In a five year field study that was conducted on a population of T. talpoides, the oldest female collected was 4 years and 9 months old, and the oldest male was 3 years of age.
T. terrestris --- Malayan tapirs (Tapirus indicus), a Southeast Asian tapir species, mature at three years and Brazilian tapirs (T. terrestris) have been known to conceive as early as 23 months and given birth as old as 28 years.
T. thetis --- Sexual maturity is slightly earlier in T. billardierii than in T. thetis, and it is possible that these other developmental events occur slightly later in the latter species as well. (Nowak, 1995)
Tabanus atratus --- Tabanus atratus generally breed near aquatic environments.
Tachyglossus aculeatus --- Female Tachyglossus aculeatus have been observed with several males at a time, which may reflect a polygyny or polyandry.
Tachyglossus aculeatus --- Gestation in Tachyglossus aculeatus lasts about 23 days, after which the female will lay a single soft-shelled egg in her pouch for incubation.
Tachyglossus aculeatus --- In at least one case, a Tachyglossus aculeatus lived 50 years.
Tachyglossus aculeatus --- In at least one case, a Tachyglossus aculeatus lived 50 years. (Heckner, 1990; Nowak, 1991)
Tachyglossus aculeatus --- Tachyglossus aculeatus has a courtship period between June and August that can last between a few days and several weeks depending on geographic region and subspecies.
Tachyglossus aculeatus --- The longest recorded lifespan for Tachyglossus aculeatus is 50 years in captivity.
Tachyglossus aculeatus --- Weaning mass is 28 to 48% of adult mass. ("Tachyglossus aculeatus", 1991; Aplin et al., 2008; Nicol and Anderson, 2007b)
Tachymarptis melba --- The longest living known individuals are: an alpine swift (Tachymarptis melba) of 26 years, a common swift (Apus apus) of 21 years, and a chimney swift (Chaetura pelagica) of 14 years. (Campbell and Lack, 1985; Chantler and Driessens, 2000; Chantler, 1999; Collins, 2001)
Tadarida aegyptiaca --- As Advani (1982:19) states, &#8220;little is known about the ecology, biology, and ethology of this species.&#8221; (Advani, 1982) Tadarida aegyptiaca is monoestrous and monotocous, and it breeds seasonally.
Tadarida aegyptiaca --- Data for Tadarida aegyptiaca is lacking, but the lifespan for molossids in general averages about ten years, plus or minus about three years.
Tadarida aegyptiaca --- Data for Tadarida aegyptiaca is lacking, but the lifespan for molossids in general averages about ten years, plus or minus about three years. (Barclay and Harder, 2003)
Tadarida aegyptiaca --- Tadarida aegyptiaca is monoestrous and monotocous, and it breeds seasonally.
Tadarida aegyptiaca --- There is no available data on the specific mating systems found in Tadarida aegyptiaca.
Tadarida brasiliensis --- In Tadarida brasiliensis, a related species, female lifespans have been documented at about seven years.
Tadarida brasiliensis --- In Tadarida brasiliensis, a related species, female lifespans have been documented at about seven years. (Walton and Richardson, 1989)
Taenia taeniaeformis --- Yolk glands form a compact organ inside Taenia taeniaeformis as well.
Taeniura lymma --- Taeniura lymma is ovoviviparous.
Taeniura lymma --- The lifespan of Taeniura lymma is still unknown.
Talpa europaea --- During late summer, a Talpa europaea population was shown to include 45 percent juveniles (moles less than one year in age), 40 percent one to two year olds, and the remainder older moles, with a maximum age of five years.
Talpa europaea --- Mole (Talpa europaea)", 2006; "The Mammal Society", 2006; Haeck, 1969; Mellanby, 1971) <p xmlns="http://www.
Talpa europaea --- Talpa europaea has one annual breeding season in the spring from March to May.
Talpa europaea --- Talpa europaea is typically a solitary and territorial species; however, during the mating season males extend their burrows as they search for females.
Talpa europaea --- Talpa europaea young grow rapidly and reach their adult size in about three weeks.
Tamandua tetradactyla --- Females of Tamandua tetradactyla are polyestrous; mating generally takes place in the fall.
Tamias alpinus --- Tamias alpinus typically lives about 2 to 3 years in the wild.
Tamias alpinus --- Tamias alpinus typically lives about 2 to 3 years in the wild. (Clawson, Clawson, and Best, 1994)
Tamias cinereicollis --- Tamias cinereicollis young are reported to nurse for 41 to 45 days.
Tamias dorsalis --- Tamias dorsalis does not gain weight before winter, but will loose some over the winter.
Tamias obscurus --- Tamias obscurus males generally return to their burrows after the breeding season, and stay there until fall (Best and Granai, 1994).
Tamias palmeri --- Tamias palmeri may be similar. (Hirshfeld, 1975; Ruff, 1999)
Tamias ruficaudus --- However, most chipmunks do not live more than a few years, and it is likely that this holds for this species as well. Tamias ruficaudus is reported to have lived 8 years in the wild, although less than 10 percent of individuals in this species lived longer than 5 years.
Tamias ruficaudus --- Mating in - Tamias ruficaudus - can occur from late February to early July but usually takes place in April or May.
Tamias ruficaudus --- Mating in -Tamias ruficaudus- can occur from late February to early July but usually takes place in April or May.
Tamias ruficaudus --- Tamias ruficaudus is reported to have lived 8 years in the wild, although less than 10 percent of individuals in this species lived longer than 5 years. (Nowak, 1999)
Tamias rufucaudus --- A wild Tamias rufucaudus is reported to have lived for 8 years, and a captive Tamias townsendii lived over 10 years.
Tamias townsendii --- A wild Tamias rufucaudus is reported to have lived for 8 years, and a captive Tamias townsendii lived over 10 years.
Tamias rufucaudus --- A wild Tamias rufucaudus is reported to have lived for 8 years, and a captive Tamias townsendii lived over 10 years.
Tamias senex --- Tamias senex is altricial at birth.
Tamias speciosus --- Tamias speciosus breeds during May and early June.
Tamias striatus --- Tamias striatus has 2 breeding seasons.
Tamias striatus --- They are reported to have shorter lives than Tamias striatus, which can live as long as 11 years.
Tamias striatus --- They are reported to have shorter lives than Tamias striatus, which can live as long as 11 years. (Baker, 1983)
Tamias umbrinus --- The lifespan of Tamias umbrinus has not been recorded.
Tamiasciurus douglasii --- Like other squirrels, the courtship of Tamiasciurus douglasii consists of a mating chase in which the males and females call to and chase each other.
Tamiasciurus douglasii --- No information could be found on the lifespan of Tamiasciurus douglasii.
Tapera naevia --- After hatching, young Tapera naevia nestlings remain in the nest for approximately 18 to 20 days, after which they fledge.
Tapera naevia --- After hatching, young Tapera naevia nestlings remain in the nest for approximately 18 to 20 days, after which they fledge. (Johnsgard, 1997; Stiles and Skutch, 1989)
Tapera naevia --- There is little available information regarding general reproductive behavior in Tapera naevia.
Tapera naevia --- There is little available information regarding reproduction in Tapera naevia and other cuckoo species.
Taphozous melanopogon --- In the closely related species, Taphozous melanopogon, the sex ratio in colonies varies throughout the season.
Tapirus bairdii --- Due to the seasonal stability of their habitat, it has been suggested that Tapirus bairdii individuals form long-term monogamous pairs in which the pairs defend a territory.
Tapirus bairdii --- Little is known about the longevity of Tapirus bairdii in the wild, but a wild-born animal lived to be 29.6 years in captivity.
Tapirus indicus --- Malayan tapirs (Tapirus indicus), a Southeast Asian tapir species, mature at three years and Brazilian tapirs (T. terrestris) have been known to conceive as early as 23 months and given birth as old as 28 years.
Tarsius bancanus --- Tarsius bancanus is probably like other members of the genus in regard to these features.
Tarsius dentatus --- Tarsius dentatus has never been kept in captivity, but in general tarsiers in captivity live an average of 5 years with a maximum of 12 years.
Tarsius dentatus --- Tarsius dentatus has never been kept in captivity, but in general tarsiers in captivity live an average of 5 years with a maximum of 12 years. (Fitch-Snyder, 2003)
Tarsius dentatus --- The mating system of Tarsius dentatus remains to be studied. (Merker, 2006) The mating behavior of Tarsius dentatus has not been studied.
Tarsius dentatus --- The reproductive behavior of Tarsius dentatus has not been studied.
Tarsius pumilus --- Tarsius pumilus is usually found in pairs which form a stable bond.
Tarsius spectrum --- Breeding of Tarsius spectrum occurs throughout the year.
Tarsius spectrum --- Tarsius spectrum is likely to have a similar maximum lifespan.
Tarsius syrichta --- A captive Tarsius syrichta lived for 13.5 years.
Tarsius syrichta --- Tarsius syrichta lasts from 18 to 27 days.
Tarsius syrichta --- Tarsius syrichta undergoes a 1 to 3 day estrus period.
Tarsius syrichta --- The estrus cycle of Tarsius syrichta lasts from 18 to 27 days.
Tatera indica --- A captive Tatera indica lived for 7 years.
Terminalia catappa --- This species is highly selective in the choice of tree species used for nesting, studies of the golf course colony have shown that Terminalia catappa and Celtis timorensis are the preferred species of nesting tree comprising 65.5% of the trees chosen.
Terrapene carolina --- Some Terrapene carolina are believed to live over 100 years.
Terrapene carolina --- Terrapene carolina are well developed at birth (precocial) and grow at a rate of about 1.5cm per year during the first five years, at which time they reach sexual maturity.
Terrapene carolina --- Terrapene carolina can live over 100 years.
Terrapene carolina --- Terrapene carolina can live over 100 years. (Carr, 1952; Ernst, Barbour, and Lovich, 1994)
Terrapene carolina --- Terrapene carolina exhibit temperature dependent sex determination.
Terrapene carolina carolina --- The courtship of Terrapene carolina carolina is divided into three phases: a circling, biting, shoving phase; a preliminary mounting phase; and a copulatory phase.
Terrapene carolina major --- Terrapene carolina major shows courtship and mating that is basically the same as in T. c. carolina, but they sometimes mate in shallow water.
Terrapene carolina triunguis --- Terrapene carolina triunguis and T. c. bauri both have somewhat different rituals, which may represent the ancestral method.
Terrapene carolina triunguis --- Terrapene carolina triunguis does this in front of the female, and T. c bauri* males climb up on the females' carapace with all four feet and then pulsate.
Tetracerus quadricornis --- Bovinae, like Tetracerus quadricornis, in that gestation lasts 8 months.
Tetracerus quadricornis --- Tetracerus quadricornis in captivity can live up to 10 years of age (Nowak, 1999).
Tetracerus quadricornis --- They are similar to other Bovinae, like Tetracerus quadricornis, in that gestation lasts 8 months.
Tetramorium caespitum --- Tetramorium caespitum are very adaptable to changes in their environment. (Holldobler and Wilson, 1990)
Thalasseleotris adela --- At least one species of eleotrid (Thalasseleotris adela) is usually found in pairs.
Theragra chalcogramma --- Besides the energy put into gamete production and spawning, Theragra chalcogramma makes no investment in its offspring. (Love, 1996)
Theragra chalcogramma --- Spawning of Theragra chalcogramma occurs in water depths of 90 to 200 meters.
Theragra chalcogramma --- The mating system of Theragra chalcogramma consists of females releasing their eggs and then males randomly fertilizing them (Love 1996).
Theragra chalcogramma --- The mortality coefficient for Theragra chalcogramma is 0.3 on the eastern Bering Sea shelf (0.3 implying that that the annual natural morality rate is 30%) and 0.2 on the Aleutian Basin.
Theragra chalcogramma --- Theragra chalcogramma eggs, which are transported by currents, are planktonic (Love 1996).
Theragra chalcogramma --- Theragra chalcogramma usually lives from 12 to 16 years.
Thomomys bottae --- Thomomys bottae live an average of 2.5 years.
Thomomys bulbivorus --- The breeding season of Thomomys bulbivorus extends from the beginning of April to early June.
Thomomys mazama --- Mating has not been observed in captivity for Thomomys mazama, but reproductive behavior can be inferred from individuals taken in from the wild.
Thomomys mazama --- There is little information on the mating behavior of Thomomys mazama.
Thomomys talpoides --- An average mature female Thomomys talpoides will have one litter per year that consists of 4-7 young.
Thomomys talpoides --- In captivity, Thomomys talpoides lives 5-6 years.
Thryonomys swinderianus --- Fritzinger (1997) desribed a Thryonomys swinderianus that lived in captivity for four years and four months.
Thryonomys swinderianus --- Thryonomys swinderianus become sexually mature at about a year old (Fitzinger, 1997).
Thryonomys swinderianus --- Thryonomys swinderianus live in groups of males and females during the breeding season.
Thunnus alalunga --- Besides the contribution of their gametes and the energy expended migrating to spawning grounds, there is no parental investment by Thunnus alalunga.
Thunnus alalunga --- Besides the contribution of their gametes and the energy expended migrating to spawning grounds, there is no parental investment by Thunnus alalunga. (Collette and Nauen, 1983)
Thunnus alalunga --- Maximum lifespan of Thunnus alalunga in the Atlantic is 13 years, while it is only 9 years in the Mediterranean.
Thunnus alalunga --- Thunnus alalunga are an iteroparous species that breed seasonally.
Thylogale billardierii --- In Thylogale billardierii, pouch life is six and a half months, and the young are weaned from the mothers teat around seven or eight months.
Thylogale billardierii --- Like other macropodids, baby Thylogale billardierii nurse in the mothers pouch after a short gestation period.
Thylogale billardierii --- The young of Thylogale billardierii are exclusively cared for by the mother, until they are weaned at around 7 months.
Thylogale billardierii --- Thylogale billardierii are usually sexually mature around fourteen or fifteen months.
Thylogale billardierii --- Thylogale billardierri are solitary animals that come together for mating, and will occasionally share a feeding ground. Thylogale billardierii reproduce in captivity year round, but in the wild 70% of births are in late autumn.
Thylogale billardierri --- The lifespan of Thylogale billardierri is around 5-6 years in the wild.
Thylogale billaridierii --- Thylogale billaridierii are polygynandrous.
Thylogale stigmatica --- Thylogale stigmatica is polygynous, and as a result of its solitary behavior, mating is one of the few times they can be found together in the wild.
Thyroptera discifera --- Very little is known about reproductive behavior specific to Thyroptera discifera.
Thyroptera discifera --- Young Thyroptera discifera cling to the neck and breast of their mother using their teeth and claws.
Todus mexicanus --- The bananaquit (Coereba flaveola portoricensis), Puerto Rican bullfinch (Loxigilla portoricensis) and Puerto Rican tody (Todus mexicanus) are all birds which share nests with E. coqui.
Toxocara cati --- Adult Toxocara cati migrate to the intestine, and begin producing eggs after just a few weeks.
Toxocara cati --- After having passed through four juvenile stages, the mature Toxocara cati migrate to the small intestine where they reproduce and begin shedding eggs (Prociv, 1989). Paratenic hosts (those hosts that carry the worm, but the worm will not further develop) are especially important in Toxocara cati infection of cats because of their predatory nature.
Toxocara cati --- Because Toxocara cati do not migrate through the bloodstream and into the placenta, kittens are born free of worms, even if their mother was infected.
Toxocara cati --- If a mouse, for example, ingests a Toxocara cati egg - the egg hatches, but the J2 larvae does not undergo further development.
Toxotes jaculatrix --- Reproductive habits of Toxotes jaculatrix have not been formally studied at this time.
Trachydosaurus rugosus --- Trachydosaurus rugosus are viviparous, typically producing 1 to 2 young, although triplets do occasionaly occur.
Trachypithecus auratus --- The lifespan of Trachypithecus auratus is approximately 20 years, like many other species of Old World monkeys.
Trachypithecus auratus --- The lifespan of Trachypithecus auratus is approximately 20 years, like many other species of Old World monkeys. (Bristol Zoo Gardens, 2009; Delson, 2008)
Trachypithecus cristatus --- Another monkey in the same genus, Trachypithecus cristatus, is reported to have lived over 31 years in captivity.
Trachypithecus cristatus --- Trachypithecus cristatus reproduction has not been widely studied, however a few facts are known.
Trachypithecus francoisi --- Trachypithecus francoisi is somewhat of an exception among other species in the family in that the social structure involves primarily one-male groups, in which one male mates with multiple females.
Tragelaphus buxtoni --- Tragelaphus buxtoni is estimated to live in the wild for 15 to 20 years.
Tragelaphus buxtoni --- Tragelaphus buxtoni is estimated to live in the wild for 15 to 20 years. (Huffman, 2001)
Tramea lacerata --- Tramea lacerata has been called "dancing glider" because of its rhythmic mating style.
Tremarctos ornatus --- Lifespan in the wild is unknown, but in captivity Tremarctos ornatus can reach 20-25 years.
Triatoma infestans --- Overall nine steps have been observed in Triatoma infestans mating behavior.
Trichechus senegalensis --- Trichechus senegalensis are believed to live to about 30 years of age, and females can bear young every three to five years (Sikes 1974 and CMC 1997).
Trichechus senegalensis --- Trichechus senegalensis is a poorly studied species, and much of the information about their behavior and reproduction has been inferred based on their close similarity to the very well studied Trichechus manatus.
Trichosurus caninus --- Trichosurus caninus has a polyestrus breeding cycle averaging about 26 days.
Trichosurus caninus --- Trichosurus caninus is thought to be polygynandrous as male and female territories often overlap considerably creating many breeding opportunities.
Trichosurus caninus --- Trichosurus caninus is thought to live approximately 7 years in the wild.
Trichosurus vulpecula --- One Trichosurus vulpecula survived in captivity for over 14 years.
Trichosurus vulpecula --- That number drops considerably as the young mature and, in adult Trichosurus vulpecula, the mortality rate is only around 20%.
Trichosurus vulpecula --- The mortality rate for Trichosurus vulpecula is 75% in individuals around 1 year of age.
Trichosurus vulpecula --- There are typically two breeding seasons for Trichosurus vulpecula throughout the year.
Trimerotropis maritima --- In most of their range, Trimerotropis maritima adults cannot survive winter temperatures, so live for no more than a year.
Trimerotropis maritima --- Males of Trimerotropis maritima advertise their presence to females with short display flights.
Tripneustes ventricosus --- Sexual reproduction with external fertilization is the normal means of reproduction for Tripneustes ventricosus.
Tripneustes ventricosus --- Spawning is observed with Tripneustes ventricosus, and since the gonads are temperature dependent, the severity of the winter season can be a good indicator of the spawning pattern that will be followed the next summer.
Tripneustes ventricosus --- The lifespan of Tripneustes ventricosus in most cases, is two to three years.
Tripneustes ventricosus --- The reproductive behavior of Tripneustes ventricosus relies on a number of factors including temperature and increasing age.
Truncilla truncata --- Truncilla truncata is a long-term brooder.
Truncilla truncata --- Truncilla truncata is likely a long-term brooder, releasing glochidia in the spring.
Tubularia crocea --- In asexual reproduction, the gonosomes (long stalks) of Tubularia crocea grow between the rows of tentacles into a cluster-like structure.
Tubularia crocea --- Only a few oocytes reach maturity, in the cycle of sexual reproduction of Tubularia crocea.
Tupaia glis --- In Tupaia glis, a single male rules over a group containing both males and females, although only the dominant male mates with females.
Anathana ellioti --- In contrast to Tupaia in which the male testes are scrotal, the testes are abdominal in Anathana ellioti (Verma 1965; Hayssen 1993).
Tupaia --- In contrast to Tupaia in which the male testes are scrotal, the testes are abdominal in Anathana ellioti (Verma 1965; Hayssen 1993).
Tupaia minor --- Tupaia minor has a litter size that ranges from 1 to 3 young.
Tupaia montana --- Tupaia montana is reported to be slightly more social, with two mutually tolerant males in a group mating with the females.
Tupaia tana --- Tupaia tana has a somewhat reversed form of parental care from most other mammals in that there is little care before weaning, but much care after weaning.
Tupaia tana --- Tupaia tana has a somewhat reversed form of parental care from most other mammals in that there is little care before weaning, but much care after weaning. (Emmons, 2000b)
Turdus americanus --- They may lay eggs in the nest of other yellow-billed cuckoos, or in the nests of other bird species, including Coccyzus erythropthalmus, Turdus americanus, Dumetella carolinensis and Hylocichla mustelina.
Turdus migratorius --- They mate in the intestinal tract of a vertebrate host (Turdus migratorius and other passerine birds).
Tursiops truncatus --- In some species, such as bottlenosed dolphins (Tursiops truncatus), young remain with their mothers for up to five years, long after they are weaned.
Tursiops truncatus --- Some authors have suggested that this long period of parental care may be for learning and development of the young, as seen in bottlenosed dolphins (Tursiops truncatus). (Best and da Silva, 1989b; Best and da Silva, 1993; McGuire and Winemiller, 1998)
Tyrannus melancholicus --- Tyrannus melancholicus is monogamous.
Tyrannus melancholicus --- Tyrannus melancholicus may show aggressive behavior when defending its territory; chases often occur during the breeding season.
U. everetti --- Not much is know about the lifespan of U. everetti; however, one captive specimen lived to be 11.5 years old. (Nowak 1999)
U. thibetanus --- Little is known about lifespan in U. thibetanus, especially out in the wild.
U. thibetanus --- The cubs of U. thibetanus cannot open their eyes until 1 week has passed, and they are not fully weaned until just over 3 months.
Uca minax --- The breeding period of Uca minax is every two weeks in the summer.
Uca pugilator --- Reproduction occurs in burrows similar to the ones Uca pugilator live in only larger and better-maintained.
Uca pugnax --- After mating, female Uca pugnax release the fertilized eggs onto their abdominal flap in a spongy cluster.
Uca pugnax --- Female Uca pugnax release the hatched larvae on the nocturnal high tide.
Uca pugnax --- Female Uca pugnax release the hatched larvae on the nocturnal high tide. (Grimes, Huish, and Kerby, September 1989; Priest III, Fall 2000)
Uca pugnax --- Female Uca pugnax release the hatched larvae on the nocturnal high tide. (Grimes, Huish, and Kerby, September 1989; Priest III, Fall 2000) After mating, female Uca pugnax release the fertilized eggs onto their abdominal flap in a spongy cluster.
Uca pugnax --- Female Uca pugnax then follows the male to the burrow to copulate.
Uca pugnax --- Male Uca pugnax produce visual and acoustical displays to attract their mates.
Uca pugnax --- Uca pugnax reproduce sexually, forming "lek-like" communal breeding assemblages.
Urbanus proteus --- Male Urbanus proteus are territorial and stake out sites in places where females are common during the spring mating season.
Urolophus halleri --- It may take up to two years, however, for the egg follicle to accumulate enough yolk for ovulation (release of an egg to be fertilized) as in the case of Urolophus halleri.
Urolophus jamaicensis --- In Urolophus jamaicensis researchers found that gland secretions seal the open groove on males&#8217; claspers into a closed tube that protects semen from being diluted before it passes into the female.
Plesiobatis daviesi --- In Urolophus jamaicensis, a close relative of Plesiobatis daviesi researchers found that gland secretions seal the open groove on males&#8217; claspers into a closed tube that protects semen from being diluted before it passes into the female.
Urolophus jamaicensis --- In Urolophus jamaicensis, a close relative of Plesiobatis daviesi researchers found that gland secretions seal the open groove on males&#8217; claspers into a closed tube that protects semen from being diluted before it passes into the female.
Ursus americanus --- In Ursus americanus in Alaska, sub-adult mortality was estimated at 52 to 86%.
Ursus arctos --- Bears are very small when born, from 90 (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) to 680 (Ursus arctos) grams at birth.
Ursus arctos --- Captive animals have been known to live to 50 years or more (Ursus arctos).
Ursus arctos --- Captive animals have been known to live to 50 years or more (Ursus arctos). (DeMaster and Stirling, 1981; Fitzgerald and Krausman, 2002; Lariviere, 2001; Nowak, 1991; Pasitchniak-Arts, 1993)
Ursus maritimus --- Pre-weaning cub mortality was estimated at 10-30% in Ursus maritimus and sub-adult mortality at between 3 and 16%.
Ursus thibetanus --- Weaning occurs from 3.5 (Ursus thibetanus) to 9 (Ailuropoda melanoleuca) months.
Utterbackia imbecillis --- Utterbackia imbecillis is a long-term brooder.
V. bengalensis --- Parental investment in V. bengalensis is poorly studied but it is believed that both female and male foxes participate in raising offspring.
V. bengalensis --- Vulpes species generally ranges between 10 and 12 years, which may be indicative of the expected lifespan of V. bengalensis.
V. ferrilata --- All canid young are altricial. V. ferrilata young o not emerge from their natal dens until they are several weeks old.
Vaccinium --- Barton (1996) observed males flying low over vegetation then dropping down and presumably searching for females around the bases of blueberry bushes Vaccinium spp.
Vampyrum spectrum --- Examples include Vampyrum spectrum, Lavia frons, Hipposideros galeritus, H. beatus, Nycteris hispida, N. arge, N. nana, and some Kerivoula species.
Varanus exanthematicus --- The breeding season for Varanus exanthematicus is the same as the feasting period.
Varanus exanthematicus --- The eggs of Varanus exanthematicus have an unusually high hatch rate of 100 % (Bennett).
Varanus komodoensis --- Although many Varanus komodoensis individuals fall prey to other animals as hatchlings, ones that live to adulthood usually have a lifespan of around 50 years. (Cogger and Zweifel, 1992)
Varanus komodoensis --- The mating season of Varanus komodoensis occurs yearly in July and August.
Velella velella --- When biologists looked at the Velella velella as a colonial hydrozoan, the colonies were said to be hermaphroditic and the gonophores dioecious.
Vicugna vicugna --- The product of crossing a Vicugna vicugna and an alpaca is a Pacovicuna, which shows resemblance to the Vicugna vicugna.
Pacovicuna --- The product of crossing a Vicugna vicugna and an alpaca is a Pacovicuna, which shows resemblance to the Vicugna vicugna.
Villosa fabalis --- Villosa fabalis is a long-term brooder, and was gravid in the Huron River from mid-August to the following spring in late May.
Villosa iris --- Villosa iris is a long-term brooder.
Vipera berus --- At birth, Vipera berus individuals measure approximately 16 to 18 cm long.
Vipera berus --- It is not well known how long young Vipera berus remain with their mothers.
Vireo atricapillus --- The eggs of Vireo atricapillus are sub-elliptical to long sub-elliptical.
Vireo atricapillus --- Vireo atricapillus arrives at its breeding region in early March and has migrated south by late September.
Viverricula indica --- China have shown that Viverricula indica has two estrus periods.
Viverricula indica --- In captivity, researchers in China have shown that Viverricula indica has two estrus periods.
Viverricula indica --- Viverricula indica is almost completely solitary and asocial, except during mating season.
Vombatus ursinus --- While some species of metatheres live only 1 to a few years, some species, such as Vombatus ursinus, have lived up to 26 years in captivity.
Vombatus ursinus --- While some species of metatheres live only 1 to a few years, some species, such as Vombatus ursinus, have lived up to 26 years in captivity. ("Marsupials", 1990)
Vulpes cana --- Vulpes cana is monogamous.
Vulpes cana --- Vulpes cana is monogamous. (Nowak, 1999)
Vulpes chama --- Vulpes chama forms pairs in southern hemisphere winter months of July and August.
Vulpes corsac --- Vulpes corsac is monogamous.
Vulpes macrotis --- Vulpes macrotis survival rates are dependent on food availability, reproduction, and local predators.
Vulpes vulpes --- Rueppell&#8217;s foxes probably breed in winter, from November to January, considering related species such as Vulpes zerda and Vulpes vulpes breed at this time.
Vulpes vulpes --- The gestation period is thought to be around 50 days, similar to Vulpes vulpes.
Vulpes vulpes --- Their lifespan in the wild is unknown, but is probably greatly shorter due to pressures such as predation and competition with Vulpes vulpes.
Vulpes vulpes --- There have been sightings of family groups, which may indicate the existence of an extended family, as has been observed in species like Vulpes vulpes.
Vulpes zerda --- Little is known about how Vulpes zerda attract or defend their mates, though reproductive opportunity may be affected by social position.
Vulpes zerda --- Rueppell&#8217;s foxes probably breed in winter, from November to January, considering related species such as Vulpes zerda and Vulpes vulpes breed at this time.
Vulpes zerda --- The low birth rate and slow reproductive recovery of declining Vulpes zerda populations means that fennec parents have a high reproductive investment in their altricial pups.
Vulpes zerda --- Vulpes zerda can live for up to 10 years in the wild, a common lifespan among African foxes.
Vulpes zerda --- Vulpes zerda have a slow reproductive rate, and vixens give birth only once yearly.
Wilsonia citrina --- Both male and female Wilsonia citrina sing during the process of attracting a mate.
Wilsonia citrina --- The lifespan of Wilsonia citrina is about 8-9 years.
X. cheopis --- Maximum life span for X. cheopis is 376 days.
Xenopsylla cheopis --- A long life span increases survival rates of Xenopsylla cheopis, thus resulting in greater a chance of transmitting pathogens. (Brown, 1975; James and Harwood, 1969)
Xenopsylla cheopis --- Xenopsylla cheopis is distinct from other fleas in that it has a very large egg.
Xenopsylla cheopis --- Xenopsylla cheopis prefers temperatures of 65 to 80&#176;F with about 70% humidity for egg laying.
Xenopus laevis --- Xenopus laevis is sexually mature in 10 to 12 months.
Xerus erythropus --- Gestation of Xerus erythropus is 64 to 78 days.
Xerus erythropus --- Longevity of Xerus erythropus is limited by predation.
Xerus erythropus --- Xerus erythropus live in social colonies.
Xyrauchen texanus --- Xyrauchen texanus does not appear to provide parental care.
Zaedyus pichiy --- Little is known about the reproduction of - Zaedyus pichiy -.
Zaglossus bruijni --- A captive Zaglossus bruijni specimen lived for a record 30 years and 8 months.
Zaglossus bruijni --- A captive Zaglossus bruijni specimen lived for a record 30 years and 8 months. (Gregory, 1997; Walker, 1991).
Zaglossus bruijni --- Even less can be inferred about the mating systems of Zaglossus bruijni because so little is known about their basic behavior and biology. (Heckner, 1990; Nowak, 1991)
Zalophus californianus --- Female Zalophus californianus exhibit mate choice, by "respond[ing] differently to the attempts of various males"(Riedman, 1990).
Zalophus californianus --- The age of Zalophus californianus can be determined by counting the number of rings on cross sections of its teeth (Mate, 1978).
Zalophus californianus --- The lactation period in Zalophus californianus ranges from six months to a year.
Zalophus californianus --- The oldest recorded wild Zalophus californianus lived 17 years (Mate, 1979). In captivity, the oldest recorded Zalophus californianus lived to be 31 years old.
Zalophus californianus --- Typical occupation time is approximately two weeks; few Zalophus californianus males remain at their site for longer.
Zalophus californianus --- Zalophus californianus exhibit moderate to extreme polygyny and tend to live in colonies of a few males and many females.
Zalophus californianus --- Zalophus californianus provide more lengthy maternal care for female offspring then for male offspring, yet during lactation both males and females have equal access and receive equal resources.
Zapus princeps --- Brown (1970) estimated that Zapus princeps lives at least 4 years in the wild and Walter (1964) found that Sicista betulina can live 3.3 years in nature.
Zapus princeps --- Little is known about mating behavior in Zapus princeps.
Sicista betulina --- Brown (1970) estimated that Zapus princeps lives at least 4 years in the wild and Walter (1964) found that Sicista betulina can live 3.3 years in nature.
Zapus princeps --- Brown (1970) estimated that Zapus princeps lives at least 4 years in the wild and Walter (1964) found that Sicista betulina can live 3.3 years in nature.
Zebrasoma flavescens --- Zebrasoma flavescens can spawn in groups or in pairs.
Zebrasoma veliferum --- Zebrasoma veliferum becomes sexually mature between one and two years of age. (Myers, 1999; Randall, 2005) Zebrasoma veliferum invests its energy producing gametes and spawning, but no parental care has been reported within this species. (Thresher, 1984)
Zenaida macroura --- Females have been used to rear mourning dove, Zenaida macroura, chicks (Pappas, personal observation).
Zenaida macroura --- The oldest recorded columbid is a mourning dove (Zenaida macroura) that lived 19 years and 4 months.
Zenkerella --- Little is known about the reproductive behavior of Zenkerella.
Zerene eurydice --- The male Zerene eurydice searches for females to mate with.
Zonotrichia albicollis --- Without feathers, Zonotrichia albicollis cannot fly.
Zonotrichia albicollis --- Zonotrichia albicollis lay 3 to 6 eggs, usually 4, in open-roofed nests they build for their young.
Zonotrichia leucophrys --- Though the various subspecies of Zonotrichia leucophrys differ in breeding sites and the dates of their arrival to breeding grounds, the basic system of breeding is very similar.
Fasciolaria hunteria---Thus we often speak of spirally arranged color bands (as in the Tulip Shell, Fasciolaria hunteria, pi.
Fasciolaria gigantea---In this book, for example, Fasciolaria gigantea is changed to Pleuroploca gigantea.
Crassostrea virginica---For the same reason, what has been called by many workers Ostrea virginica is now Crassostrea virginica.
Mercenaria mercenaria---Venus merce- naria is now Mercenaria mercenaria.
B. spirata---Thus Busy con pyruin Dillwyn 1817 now becomes B. spirata Lamarck 181 6.
Haliotis corrugata---Haliotis corrugata Gray Pink Abalone Plate 2C Monterey, California, to Lower California.
Haliotis pourtalesi---Haliotis pourtalesi Dall Pourtales' Abalone Off the Lower Florida Keys.
Puncturella galeata---Puncturella galeata Gould Helmet Puncturella Figure 30c Aleutian Islands to Redondo Beach, California.
D. alterjiata---It was named by Thomas Say one month after Lamarck's description as D. alterjiata.
Diodora minuta---Diodora minuta Lamarck Dwarf Keyhole Limpet Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
D. densiclathrata---This is D. densiclathrata of authors, not of Reeve.
L. adspersa---It has been erroneously called L. adspersa Philippi.
Lucapina suffusa---Lucapina suffusa Reeve Cancellate Fleshy Limpet Plate 17k South half of Florida and the West Indies.
Lucapinella callomarginata---Lucapinella callomarginata Dall Hard-Edged Fleshy Limpet Plate i8e Bodega Bay, California, to Nicaragua.
F. barbadensis---Do not confuse with the larger, more elevated F. barbadensis.
Acmaea fenestrata---Acmaea fenestrata Reeve Fenestrate Limpet Plate i8t Alaska to Lower California.
A. scabra---Shell low, and like A. scabra, is with distinct but widely spaced, radial ribs.
A. scabra---A. scabra has a rough interior center and the brown stain looks smeared.
A. scabra---It is very abundant south of La Jolla and is found with A. scabra and A. digitalis.
Acmaea limatula---Acmaea limatula Carpenter File Limpet Plate 18-0 Puget Sound to Lower California.
A. scutum---Compare with A. scutum which is smooth and has a barred band of color on its under edge.
Acmaea scabra---Acmaea scabra Gould Rough Limpet Plate 1 81 Vancouver, B.C., to Lower California.
Acmaea depicta---Acmaea depicta Hinds Painted Limpet Santa Barbara, California, to Lower California.
Acmaea instabilis---Acmaea instabilis Gould Unstable Limpet Plate i8zz Alaska to San Diego, California.
Acmaea insessa---Acmaea insessa Hinds Seaweed Limpet Plate i8z Alaska to Lower California.
A. tessulata---Formerly referred to as A. tessulata Miiller.
A. candeana---A. candeana Orbigny and A. tenera C. B. Adams are the same.
A. tenera---A. candeana Orbigny and A. tenera C. B. Adams are the same.
Acmaea pustulata---Acmaea pustulata Helbling Spotted Limpet Southeast Florida, the West Indies and Bermuda.
A. pustulata pulcherrima---It may be called A. pustulata pulcherrima Guilding.
Acmaea leucopleura---Acmaea leucopleura Gmelin Dwarf Suck-On Limpet Plate 17b Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
A. cubensis---A. cubensis Reeve and A. sbjiplex Pilsbry are probably this species.
A. albicosta---A. albicosta C. B. Adams and A. fungoides Roding are the same.
A. fungoides---A. albicosta C. B. Adams and A. fungoides Roding are the same.
M. cinereus---Formerly known as M. cinereus Couthouy.
Margarites groenlandicus---108 American Se ash ells Margarites groenlandicus Gmelin Arctic Seas to Massachusetts Bay.
M. parcipictus---M. parcipictus Cpr.
L. bairdi---I to I /4 inches in length, moderately solid, similar to L. bairdi but with a higher, flat-sided spire.
S. regalis---S. regalis Verrill and Smith is the same species.
Solariella lacunella---Solariella lacunella Dall Channeled Solarelle Figure 32b, c Virginia to Key West, Florida.
Solariella peramabilis---Solariella peramabilis Carpenter Lovely Pacific Solarelle Figure 31b Alaska to San Diego, California.
Solariella lacunella---size); b and c, Solariella lacunella Dall X4; d and e, Microgaza rotella Dall X4.
C. subumbilicatum---C. subumbilicatum Dall is a form of this species whose umbilicus is half open.
Neosimnia acicularis---Common West Indian Simnia, Neosimnia acicularis Lam., Yi inch.
Allopora californica---Attached to the hydrocoralline, Allopora californica Verrill.
Muricea muricata---Plate 8 Living Flamingo Tongues on the Rough Sea-^vhip, Muricea muricata Pallas.
Cyphoma mcgintyi---Upper right: McGinty's Cyphoma, Cyphoma mcgintyi Pilsbry, 1 inch (Southeastern Florida), p. 184.
Cyphoma gibbosum---Lower Three: Flamingo Tongue, Cyphoma gibbosum Linne, 1 inch (North Carolina to West Indies), p. 183.
Cypraecassis coarctata---Rough Panama Helmet, Cypraecassis coarctata Wood, 3 inches (Gulf of California, south), not in text.
Cypraecassis tenuis---Large Panama Helmet, Cypraecassis tenuis Wood, 5 inches (Pacific side of Panama), not in text.
Cymatium martinianum---Atlantic Hairy Triton, Cymatium martinianum Orb., 2^/2 inches (North Carolina to the West Indies), p. 195.
Murex beaui---g. Beau's Murex, Murex beaui F. and B., 5 inches.
Scaphella schmitti---e. Schmitt's Volute, Scaphella schmitti Bartsch, 5 inches.
C. annulatum---Formerly C. annulatum Martyn.
Tegula lividomaculata---Tegula lividomaculata C. B. Adams West Indian Tegula Key West and the West Indies.
Tegula excavata---Tegula excavata Lamarck Green-base Tegula Florida Keys?
Tegula funebralis---Tegula funebralis A. Adams Black Tegula Vancouver, B.
Tegula ligulata---Tegula ligulata Menke Western Banded Tegula Plate i8h Monterey, California, to Acapulco, Mexico.
T. spenglerianus---Formerly T. spenglerianus Gmelin.
A. spinulosa---3m) was known as A. spinulosa Lamarck.
Astraea americana---Astraea americana Gmelin American Star-shell Plate 31 Southeast Florida.
Astraea gibberosa---Astraea gibberosa Dillwyn, 2 inches, c, outer side of calcareous oper- culum; d, muscle attachment side.
Astraea gibberosa---Red Turban Figure 35 Subgenus Pachypo?na Gray 1850 Astraea gibberosa Dillwyn Vancouver, B.
A. inaequalis---Formerly A. inaequalis Martyn.
Homalopoma albida---Homalopoma albida Dall Southeast Florida, Cuba to Yucatan.
Homalopoma carpenteri---Homalopoma carpenteri Pilsbry Carpenter's Dwarf Turban Plate i8i Alaska to Lower California.
Homalopoma lurida---Homalopoma lurida Dall Dark Dwarf Turban Puget Sound to Lower California.
Homalopoma bacula---Homalopoma bacula Carpenter Berry Dwarf Turban Puget Sound to Lower California.
T. concinna---T. concinna C. B. Adams is probably the same.
Tricolia tessellata---Tricolia tessellata Pot.
Tricolia pulchella---Tricolia pulchella C. B. Adams Shouldered Pheasant Plate i-jT Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
Tricolia compta---Tricolia compta Gould Californian Banded Pheasant Crescent City, California, to the Gulf of California.
Tricolia variegata---Tricolia variegata Carpenter is the same (not Lamarck) .
Nerita variegata---Nerita variegata Karsten (1789) is invalid, since it appears in a non-binomial work.
Nerita tessellata---Nerita tessellata Gmelin Tessellate Nerite Plate 4f Florida to Texas, the West Indies and Bermuda.
Neritina reclivata---Neritina reclivata Say Olive Nerite Plate 4g Florida to Texas and the West Indies.
Smaragdia viridis---Genus Smaragdia Issel 1869 Smaragdia viridis Linne Southeast Florida, the West Indies and Bermuda.
L. divaricata---Alias L. divaricata Fab.
Littorina irrorata---Littorina irrorata Say Marsh Periwinkle Plate 19c New York to north Florida to Texas.
Littorina obtiisata---Littorina obtiisata Linne Northern Yellow Periwinkle Plate igf Labrador to Cape May, New Jersey.
L. palliata---This is L. palliata Say.
Littorina saxatilis---Littorina saxatilis Olivi Northern Rough Periwinkle Plate i9d Arctic Seas to Cape May, New Jersey.
L. obtusata---Often found with L. obtusata, but not so common.
L. groenlandica---This is L. rudis Maton and L. groenlandica Menke.
L. rudis---This is L. rudis Maton and L. groenlandica Menke.
L. planaxis---Compare with L. planaxis.
L. scutulata---Do not confuse with the smoother, higher-spired L. scutulata.
Echifiinus nodulosus---Do not con- fuse with the extremely similar Echifiinus nodulosus Pfr.
Tectarius tuberculatus---Erroneously listed in Johnsonia and other books as Tectarius tuberculatus Wood.
Cingula montereyensis---Cingula montereyensis Bartsch Monterey Cingula Moss Beach to Monterey, CaHfornia.
Cingula kelseyi---Subgenus Nodulus Monterosato 1878 Cingula kelseyi Bartsch Kelsey's Cingula San Diego to Lower California.
T. reticulatum---T. reticulatum Mighels (Arctic Ocean to Maine; and Alaska) is similar.
T. variegata---T. variegata Linne, the Variegated Turret-shell (pi.
Turritella exoleta---Turritella exoleta Linne Eastern Turret-shell Plate 2ih South half of Florida and the West Indies.
Turritella cooperi---Turritella cooperi Carpenter Cooper's Turret-shell Plate 20g Monterey, California, to Lower California.
A. granulata---Known for years as A. granulata Lamarck which, however, is a later name.
T. modestus---T. modestus Dall may be the young of this species.
Caecum californicum---Caecum californicum Dall California Caecum Figure 37g.
C. rosaniim---C. rosaniim Bartsch appears to be a very long specimen (7 mm.) with sharply defined rings.
Caecum carpenteri---Caecum carpenteri Bartsch Carpenter's Caecum Figure syi San Pedro to Lower California.
Caecum heptagonum---Caecum heptagonum Carpenter Heptagonal Caecum Figure 37!^ West Coast of Central America.
Caecum orcutti---Caecum orcutti Dall Orcutt's Caecum Figure 37I San Pedro to Lower California.
C. bakeri---C. hemphilli Bartsch and C. bakeri Bartsch are probably diminutive forms of this species.
C. hemphilli---C. hemphilli Bartsch and C. bakeri Bartsch are probably diminutive forms of this species.
Cerithidea pliculosa---Cerithidea pliculosa Menke Plicate Horn Shell Plate ipt Texas, Louisiana and the West Indies.
C. pliculosa---I to I /4 inches in length, resembling our photo of C. pliculosa from the Atlantic (pi.
Cerithidea turrita---Percy Morris (i95i pl- 31^ % 15) labels this species as Cerithidea turrita.
Cerithium floridanum---Cerithium floridanum Morch North Carolina to the south half of Florida.
Bittium attenuatum---Bittium attenuatum Carpenter Slender Bittium Forrester Island, Alaska, to Lower California.
C. virginica---C. virginica Henderson and Bartsch and C. van- hyningi Bartsch are possibly variations of this species.
C. emersoni---C. emersoni C. B. Adams is probably a synonym.
S. terebralis---This is S. terebralis C. B. Adams.
Alabifia tenuisculpta---Alabifia tenuisculpta Carpenter Sculptured Alabine San Pedro, California, to Lower California.
Triphora decorata---Triphora decorata C. B. Adams Mottled Trifora Plate 19ZZ Southeast Florida, the West Indies and Bermuda.
Cirsotrema dalli---Genus Cirsotrema Morch 1852 Cirsotrema dalli Rehder North Carolina to southeast Florida and to Brazil.
C. arcella---C. arcella Rehder is believed to be the young of this species.
Opalia insculpta---Opalia insculpta Carpenter Scallop-edged Wentletrap Southern California to west Mexico.
O. crenimarginata---O. crenimarginata Dall is this species.
E. contorqiiata---E. swifti Morch and E. contorqiiata Dall are this species.
Epitonium angulatum---Epitonium angulatum Say Angulate Wentletrap Plate 22b New York to Florida and to Texas.
Epitonium indianorum---Epitonium indianorum Carpenter Money Wentletrap Forrester Island, Alaska, to Lower California.
Trichotropis cancellata---Trichotropis cancellata Hinds Cancellate Hairy-shell Plate 24b Bering Sea to Oregon.
Trichotropis bicarinata---Trichotropis bicarinata Sowerby Two-keeled Hairy-shell Plate 24a Arctic Ocean to Alaska.
C. candeana---Formerly known as C. candeana Orbigny.
Calyptraea fastigiata---Calyptraea fastigiata Gould Pacific Chinese Hat Plate 20I Alaska to southern California.
C. contorta---Young forms (C. contorta Cpr.
C. striatum---I inch in diameter, similar to C. striatum, but the edges of the inner cup are entirely free.
C. maculosa---When collecting on the west coast of Florida, do not confuse with C. maculosa.
C. fornicata---C. fornicata has been introduced to the West Coast of the United States.
Crepidula maculosa---Crepidula maculosa Conrad Spotted Slipper-shell AVest Coast of Florida to Vera Cruz, Mexico.
C. fornicata---Resembling C. fornicata, but often spotted with small, mauve-brown blotches and sometimes streaked.
C. convexa---The young are very much like southern forms of C. convexa Say.
C. acuta---C. acuta Lea is this form also.
Crepidula excavata---Crepidula excavata Broderip Excavated Slipper-shell Monterey, California, to Peru.
S. bitiiberculatus---S. bitiiberculatus Lamarck is the same species.
T. pediculus---T. pediculus is a common species found from low water to 25 fathoms.
Trivia suffusa---Trivia suffusa Gray Suffuse Trivia Plate 2iaa Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
Trivia quadripiinctata---Trivia quadripiinctata Gray Four-spotted Trivia Southeast Florida, Yucatan and the West Indies.
T. subrostrata---Formerly T. subrostrata Gray.
C. exanthema---Formerly called C. exanthema Linne.
Cypraea cervus---Cypraea cervus Linne Atlantic Deer Cowrie Plate 6i Southern half of Florida and Cuba.
Cypraea mus---CYPRAEIDAE 181 Cypraea mus Linne (pi.
Allopora californica---Found attached to red hydro- coraUine, Allopora californica Verrill.
Neosimnia avena---OVULIDAE 183 Neosimnia avena Sowerby Western Chubby Simnia Plate 7g Monterey, California, to Panama.
Cyphovta signatum---Fingerprint Cyphoma Plate 4t Cyphovta signatum Pilsbry and McGinty Lower Florida Keys.
Carinaria lamarcki---The heteropod, Carinaria lamarcki Peron and Lesueur, lives a pelagic life in warm seas.
Lunatia triseriata---Lunatia triseriata Say Spotted Northern Moon-shell Plate 22m Gulf of St. Lawrence to North Carolina.
Lunatia groenlandica---Lunatia groenlandica Moller Greenland Moon-shell Plate 22k Arctic Seas to off New Jersey.
P. draconis---Do not confuse with P. draconis.
P. groenlandica---P. groenlandica Moller may be this species.
Sinum maculatum---Sinum maculatum Say Maculated Baby's Ear Carolinas and west coast of Florida.
S. inflatum---Formerly known as Semicassis abbreviata Lamarck and S. inflatum Shaw.
C. martinianum---See differentiating re- marks under C. martinianum.
C. atlantica---C. atlantica Bowdich is a synonym of the Pacific subspecies, despite the name.
B. crassa---Alias B. crassa Dillwyn.
Forreria cerrosensis catalmensis---Forreria cerrosensis catalmensis Oldroyd Southern third of California.
Murex macropterus---Dall identified this species as Murex macropterus Desh.
Murex trialatus---Murex trialatus Sowerby Western Three-winged Murex Figure 45c Northern California to Lower California.
Murex santarosana---Murex santarosana Dall Santa Rosa Murex Figure 45d Santa Barbara Islands to Lower California.
B. iniilticostatiis---; c, B. iniilticostatiis Esch.
B. pacificus---; d, B. scitulus Dall; e, B. orpheiis Gould; f, B. pacificus Dall.
B. scitulus---; d, B. scitulus Dall; e, B. orpheiis Gould; f, B. pacificus Dall.
Solariella lamellosa---X. LAMELLOSE SOLARELLE, Solariella lamellosa Verr.
Acmaea insiabilis---UNSTABLE LIMPET, Acmaea insiabilis Gould, 1 inch (Alaska to San Diego, California), p. 105.
Littorina obtnsata---L NORTHERN YELLOW PERIWINKLE, Littorina obtnsata Linne.
Triphora decorata---MOTTLED TRIFORA, Triphora decorata C. B. Adams, Yi inch (Florida and West Indies), p. 159.
Melanella gracilis---GRACEFUL MELANELLA, Melanella gracilis C. B.
Melanella bilineata---TWO-LINED MELANELLA, Melanella bilineata Alder, 3^ inch (North Carolina to West Indies), not in text.
Torinia bisulcata---ORBIGNY'S SUN-DIAL, Torinia bisulcata Orb., i/;{ inch (North Carolina to Gulf of Mexico), p. 142.
Trivia suffusa---SUFFUSE TRIVIA, Trivia suffusa Gary, ^/a inch (Southeastern Florida and West Indies), p. 177.
Conus jaspideus---X. JASPER CONE, Conus jaspideus Gmelin.
Acauthiua spirata---SPOTTED THORN DRUPE, Acauthiua spirata l^lainville, 1 inch (Washington to California), p. 211.
Drupa nodulosa---BLACKBERRY DRUPE, Drupa nodulosa C. B. Adams, % inch (Florida and West Indies), p. 211.
Colubraria lanceolata---ARROW DWARF TRITON, Colubraria lanceolata Menke, I inch (North Caro- lina to West Indies), p. 232.
Cantharus tinctus---TINTED CANTHARUS, Cantharus tinctus Conrad, 1 inch (North Carolina to West Indies), p. 233.
Columbella luercatoria---COMMON DOVE-SHELL, Columbella luercatoria L., 3^ inch (Souther, stern Florida and West Indies), p. 220.
Retusa canaliculata---X. CHANNELED BARREL-BUBBLE, Retusa canaliculata Say, 5 mm (Nova Scotia to Texas, south), p. 280. y.
Barbatia doniingensis---WHITE MINIATURE ARK, Barbatia doniingensis Lam., j/2 inch (North Ca- rolina to West Indies), p. 343.
Noetia ponderosa---PONDEROUS ARK, Noetia ponderosa Say, 2 inches (Virginia to Texas), p. 346.
Feriploma leanum---V. LEA'S SPOON-CLAM, Feriploma leanum Conrad, 1 inch (Nova Scotia to North Carolina), p. 474.
Rupellaria typica---ATLANTIC RUPELLARIA, Rupellaria typica Jonas, 1 inch (North Carolina to the West Indies), p. 420.
Tagelus divisus---PURPLISH TAGELUS, Tagelus divisus Spengler, 1 inch (Cape Cod to Mexico), p. 440.
Tellidora cristata---CRESTED TELLIN, Tellidora cristata Recluz, 1 inch (North Carolina to Texas), p. 430.
Macoma planiuscida---GRANT AND GALE MACOMA, Macoma planiuscida Grant and Gale, 1 inch (Arctic to Oregon), p. 433.
Eucrassatella speciosa---GIBB'S CLAM, Eucrassatella speciosa A.
Polymesoda caroliniana---CAROLINA MARSH CLAM, Polymesoda caroliniana Bosc, 1 inch (Virginia to Texas), p. 381.
Tellina modesta---MODEST TELLIN, Tellina modesta Cpr.. % inch (Alaska to Lower California), p. 425.
Mulinia lateralis---DWARF SURF CLAM, Mulinia lateralis Say, V:i inch (Maine to Texas), p. 449.
Mesodesma arctata---ARCIIC WEDGE CLAM, Mesodesma arctata Con., V/j inches (Greeidand to Virginia), p. 451.
Martesia striata---STRIATE MARTESIA, Martesia striata L., 1 inch (Florida and West Indies), p. 464.
Acanthina paucilirata---Acanthina paucilirata Steams Checkered Thorn Drupe San Pedro, California, to Lower Cahfomia.
Urosalpinx perrugata---Urosalpinx perrugata Conrad Gulf Oyster Drill Figure 47 d West coast of Florida (to Louisiana?).
Nucella lapillus---This species has also been known as Nucella lapillus.
Purpura crispata---Formerly Purpura crispata Martyn.
Ocenebra interfossa---Ocenebra interfossa Carpenter Carpenter's Dwarf Triton Figure 49a Alaska to Lower California.
O. circmntexta---; b, O. circmntexta Stearns; c and d, O. hirida Alidd.
Ocenebra lurida---Ocenebra lurida Middendorff Alaska to Catahna Island, California.
Ceratostoina foliatum---Appears in some books as Purpura or Ceratostoina foliatum Martyn.
Eupleura sulcidentata---Eupleura sulcidentata Dall Sharp-ribbed Drill Figure 47c West coast of Florida.
E. caudata---Similar to E. caudata, but with the spiral sculpture almost absent.
Nitidella gouldi---Nitidella gouldi Carpenter Gould's Dove-shell Plate 20m Alaska to San Diego, California.
Nitidella carinata---Nitidella carinata Sowerby Carinate Dove-shell San Francisco to Lower California.
Mitrella raveneli---Mitrella raveneli Dall Ravenel's Dove-shell Plate 25CC North Carolina to both sides of Florida.
Mitrella tuberosa---Mitrella tuberosa Carpenter Variegated Dove-shell Alaska to the Gulf of California.
M. variegata---M. variegata Stearns may be this species.
A. undata---Small whelks of the Pacific coast, a, Amphissa versicolor Dall; b, A. Columbiana Dall; c, A. undata Cpr.
Amphissa undata---Amphissa undata Carpenter Carpenter's Amphissa Figure 50c Monterey, California, to Lower California.
Neptunea ventricosa---230 American Seashells Neptunea ventricosa Gmelin Fat Neptune Plate 24s Arctic Ocean and Bering Sea.
Neptunea pribiloffensis---Neptunea pribiloffensis Dall Pribiloff Neptune Plate 241 Bering Sea to British Columbia.
Neptunea lyrata---Neptunea lyrata Gmelin Common Northwest Neptune Plate 24q Arctic Ocean to Puget Sound, Washington.
Neptunea eucosmia---Subgenus Ancistrolepis Dall 1894 Neptunea eucosmia Dall Channeled Neptune Figure 516 Alaska to Oregon.
Mitra sulcata---Do not confuse with Mitra sulcata which has several columellar plications.
T. rustica---See remarks under T. rustica, p. 214.
Cantharus auritula---Cantharus auritula Link Gaudy Cantharus Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
B. carica---Their siphonal canal is longer than that in B. carica, and the shell is lighter than that of perversum.
B. perversum---The name B. perversum or Fulgur perversa in most old popular books refers to B. contrarhmi.
B. pyrum---Known in all previous popular books as B. pyrum Dillwyn.
N. acutus---; c, N. acutus Say.
Nassarius trivittatus---Nassarius trivittatus Say New England Nassa Plate 23 j Nova Scotia to South Carolina.
Nassarius perpinguis---Nassarius perpinguis Hinds Western Fat Nassa Figure 530 Puget Sound to Lower California.
Nassarius calijornianus---Nassarius calijornianus Conrad Californian Nassa Squaw Creek, Oregon, to Lower California.
L. cingulifera---Alias L. cingulifera Lamarck.
Leucozonia ocellata---Leucozonia ocellata Gmelin White-spotted Latirus Plate 1 1 e West coast of Florida and the West Indies.
Latirus mcgintyi---Genus Latirus Montfort 18 10 Latirus mcgintyi Pilsbry McGinty's Latirus Plate lib Southeast Florida.
Latirus infundibulum---Latirus infundibulum Gmelin Brown-lined Latirus Plate 1 1 a Florida Keys and the West Indies.
Latirus brevicaudatus---Latirus brevicaudatus Reeve Short-tailed Latirus Plate I if Lower Florida Keys and the West Indies.
Fasciolaria hunteria---Fasciolaria hunteria Perry Banded Tulip Plate 13c North Carolina to Florida and the Gulf States.
P. papulosa---P. papulosa Sowerby 1825 is insufficiently described to apply with any certainty to this species.
Aptyxis luteopicta---inches; c, Aptyxis luteopicta Dall, % inch.
Fusinus barbarensis---Fusinus barbarensis Trask Santa Barbara Spindle Plate 24Z Oregon to San Diego, California.
O. litterata---Formerly called O. litterata Lamarck.
Olivella floralia---Olivella floralia Duclos Common Rice Olive North Carolina to both sides of Florida and the West Indies.
O. porteri---O. porteri Dall is the same.
Olivella pedroana---Olivella pedroana Conrad San Pedro Dwarf Olive Oregon to Lower California.
O. intorta---O. intorta Carpenter is also this species.
Mitra nodulosa---Mitra nodulosa Gmelin Beaded Miter Plate 26b North Carolina to Florida and the West Indies.
Mitra albocincta---Mitra albocincta C. B. Adams is probably this species.
Scaphella dubia---Scaphella dubia Broderip Dubious Volute Off south half of Florida and the Gulf of Mexico.
Scaphella schmitti---Scaphella schmitti Bartsch Schmitt's Volute Plate 136 Off Tortugas, Florida.
R. georgiajia---Columella straight, while in R. georgiajia Clench from Georgia to east Florida it is arched.
C. conradiana---C. conradiana Dall is probably only a form of this species.
Marginella borealis---Marginella borealis Verrill is the same.
P. subtrigona---P. subtrigona Cpr.
P. politula---P. politula Dall (Polite Aiarginella), Santa Barbara to Lower California.
Hyalina californica---Hyalina californica Tomlin Californian Marginella Santa Monica, Cahfornia, to Mexico.
Persicula iitinuta---Do not confuse with Persicula iitinuta Pfr.
Conus aureofasciatus---Conus aureofasciatus Rehder and Abbott Golden-banded Cone Plate i4g Tortugas to off Yucatan, Mexico.
Conus jaspideus---Conus jaspideus Gmelin Jasper Cone Plates 1411; 2 2X South half of Florida and the West Indies.
Conus granulatus---Conus granulatus Linne Glory-of-the-Atlantic Cone Plate 14I Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
Terebra hastata---Terebra hastata Gmelin Shiny Atlantic Auger Plate 26h Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
Mitromorpha aspera---PACIFIC: 1, Mitromorpha filosa Cpr., % inch; m, Mitromorpha aspera Cpr., % inch.
Mitromorpha filosa---PACIFIC: 1, Mitromorpha filosa Cpr., % inch; m, Mitromorpha aspera Cpr., % inch.
C. tampaensis---C. tampaensis Bartsch and Rehder is very similar, and may be this species.
M. albomaculata---M. albomaculata C. B. Adams is a similar species from the West Indies and is figured on plate i6{.
Mitromorpha aspera---Mitromorpha aspera Carpenter Beaded Turret Figure 57111 Monterey, California, to the Gulf of California.
Onchidella floridana---Onchidella floridana Dall Florida Onchidella West coast of Florida, the Lower Keys and Bermuda.
Onchidella carpenteri---Onchidella carpenteri Binney Puget Sound to Lower California.
Onchidella borealis---Onchidella borealis Dall Northwest Onchidella Alaska to Coos Bay, Oregon.
A. vancouverensis---A. vancouverensis Oldroyd is the same species.
R. nitida---R. nitida Verrill (Verrill's Helmet-bubble from Maine to the Gulf of Aiexico.
Bulla striata---Bulla striata Bruguiere Striate Bubble Plate 13P West coast of Florida to Texas and the West Indies.
Bulla gouldiana---Se ash ells Bulla gouldiana Pilsbry Santa Barbara to the Gulf of California.
Retusa sulcata---Retusa sulcata Orbigny Sulcate Barrel-bubble North Carolina to southeast Florida and the West Indies.
Acteocina candei---Acteocina candei Orbigny is probably only a southern representa- tive of this species.
A. cerealis---A. cerealis Gould is probaby the same species.
P. lineolata---Ahas P. lineolata Couthouy.
Aplysia willcoxi---Aplysia willcoxi Heilprin Willcox's Sea-hare Cape Cod to both sides of Florida.
Aplysia fioridensis---Aplysia fioridensis Pilsbry Sooty Sea-hare Lower Florida Keys.
P. gardineri---Originally collected by F. M. Bayer, P. gardineri White is a synonym.
Pyramidella dolabrata---) Genus Fyramidella Lamarck 1799 Pyramidella dolabrata Lamarck Bahamas and the West Indies.
S. pacifica---S. pacifica Dall is the same.
Spiratella retroversa---Spiratella retroversa Fleming Retrovert Pteropod Figure 64c Arctic Seas to Cape Cod, Massachusetts.
Spiratella inflata---Spiratella inflata Orbigny Planorbid Pteropod Figure 64h Cape Cod, Massachusetts, to Argentina.
P. clathrata---P. physoides Forbes and P. clathrata Eyd.
Cleodora virgula---and Cleodora virgula Soul, and Eyd.
Hyalocylis striata---Genus Hyalocylis Fol 1875 Hyalocylis striata Rang Striate Clio Worldwide m warm seas, pelagic.
C. balantiiim---This is C. balantiiim Rang.
H. angiilata---and H. angiilata Souleyet are synonyms.
Cavolina gibbosa---Cavolina gibbosa Rang Gibbose Cavoline Figure 64\v Worldwide, pelagic.
Cavolina tridentata---Cavolina tridentata Forskal Three-toothed Cavoline Figure 64U Worldwide, pelagic.
C. elongata---C. labiata Orb., C. imitans Pfeffer and C. elongata Blainville are this species.
C. imitans---C. labiata Orb., C. imitans Pfeffer and C. elongata Blainville are this species.
C. labiata---C. labiata Orb., C. imitans Pfeffer and C. elongata Blainville are this species.
Cavolina trispinosa---Cavolina trispinosa Lesueur Three-spined Cavoline Figure 641 Worldwide, pelagic.
C. cuspidata---C. mucro- nata Q. and G., C. cuspidata Delle Chiaje and C. reeviana Dunker are this species.
C. reeviana---C. mucro- nata Q. and G., C. cuspidata Delle Chiaje and C. reeviana Dunker are this species.
Cavolina quadridentata---Cavolina quadridentata Lesueur Four-toothed Cavoline Figure 64s Worldwide, pelagic.
C. costata---C. inermis Gould, C. inimita Sowerby, C. intermedia Sowerby and C. costata Pfefi^er are synonyms.
C. inermis---C. inermis Gould, C. inimita Sowerby, C. intermedia Sowerby and C. costata Pfefi^er are synonyms.
C. inimita---C. inermis Gould, C. inimita Sowerby, C. intermedia Sowerby and C. costata Pfefi^er are synonyms.
C. intermedia---C. inermis Gould, C. inimita Sowerby, C. intermedia Sowerby and C. costata Pfefi^er are synonyms.
Cuvierina columnella---Cuvierina columnella Rang Cigar Pteropod Figure 64m Worldwide, pelagic.
C. iirceolaris---C. oryza Benson, C. iirceolaris Morch and cmi- cellata Pfeffer are the same.
C. oryza---C. oryza Benson, C. iirceolaris Morch and cmi- cellata Pfeffer are the same.
Diaulula sandiegensis---Diaulula sandiegensis Cooper San Diego Doris Plate i6d Alaska to San Diego, California.
Cadlina laevis---302 American Seashells Cadlina laevis Linne White Atlantic Doris Arctic Seas to Massachusetts.
C. planulata---C. repanda Alder and Hancock, C. obve- lata Miiller and C. planulata Gould are this species.
C. repanda---C. repanda Alder and Hancock, C. obve- lata Miiller and C. planulata Gould are this species.
Cadlina flavomaciilata---Cadlina flavomaciilata MacFarland Yellow-spotted Doris Pacific Grove to San Diego, California.
Cadlina marginata---Cadlina marginata MacFarland Yellow-rimmed Doris British Columbia to Monterey Bay, California.
A. nobilis---1% inches in length, similar to our figure of A. nobilis (pi.
G. universitatis---G. universitatis Ckll.
Triopha maculata---Triopha maculata MacFarland Maculated Doris Plate i6f Monterey to Point Lobos, Cahfornia.
Triopha grandis---Triopha grandis MacFarland MacFarland's Grand Doris Plate 1 6b California.
Acanthodoris pilosa---Acanthodoris pilosa Abildgard Pilose Doris Plate 15b Arctic Seas to New Haven, Connecticut.
A. pilosa---% inch in length, somewhat like our figure of A. pilosa (pi.
Ancula pacifica---DENDRONOTIDAE 307 Ancula pacifica MacFarland Pacific Ancula California.
A. cristata---% inch in length, very similar to our figure of A. cristata (pi.
Dendronotus giganteus---Dendronotus giganteus O'Donoghue Giant Frond Eolis Northwest United States.
C. aurantiaca---C. aurantiaca A. and H. is the same species.
G. radiata---G. atlanticiis Forster, G. radiata Gmelin and G, forsteri Lamarck are all this species.
Coryphella rufibranchialis---Coryphella rufibranchialis Johnston Red-fingered Eolis Plate 15a Arctic Seas to New York.
Acmaea leiicopleura---Do not confuse with Acmaea leiicopleura which commonly has a blackish owl-shaped figure inside.
S. lineolata---This is S. ?iaufragum Stearns and S. lineolata Orbigny.
S. pectinata---Side and interior views of a, Siphonaria alternata Say; b, S. pectinata Linne.
Siphonaria alternata---Side and interior views of a, Siphonaria alternata Say; b, S. pectinata Linne.
Tonicella lineata---Tonicella lineata Wood Lined Red Chiton Japan to the Aleutians to San Diego, California.
N. californica---Very similar to N. californica, but the posterior valve twice as wide as long.
Acanthopleura flexa---This is Carpenter's Acanthopleura flexa.
Mopalia muscosa---Mopalia muscosa Gould Mossy Mopalia Alaska to Lower California.
Mopalia lignosa---Mopalia lignosa Gould Woody Mopalia Alaska to Lower California.
Mopalia hindsi---Mopalia hindsi Reeve Hinds' Mopalia Alaska to the Gulf of California.
M. ciliata---2 to 3 inches in length, oblong, flattened and resembhng M. ciliata Sowerby, but generally smoother.
Ceratozona rugosa---Genus Ceratozona Dall 188: Ceratozona rugosa Sowerby East Florida to the West Indies.
Acanthochitona pygmaea---Acanthochitona pygmaea Pilsbry Dwarf Glass-haired Chiton West Coast of Florida to the West Indies.
Chaetopleiira apiculata---Common Eastern Chiton, Chaetopleiira apiculata Say, Yo inch.
Tonicia schrammi---Tonicia schrammi Shuttleworth Schramm's Chiton Figure 676 Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
Cadulus mayori---Subgenus Gadila Gray 1847 Cadulus mayori Henderson Mayor's Cadulus Southeast Florida.
Dentalium texasianum---DENTALIIDAE 329 Dentalium texasianum Philippi North Carolina and the Gulf States.
Dentalium autillarum---Dentalium autillarum Orbigny Antillean Tusk South half of Florida and the West Indies.
Dentalium pilsbryi---Dentalium pilsbryi Rehder Pilsbry's Tusk Figure 69d West Florida and Brazil only.
D. pseiidohexagonum---Formerly known as D. pseiidohexagonum Henderson 1920, not Arnold 1903.
Dentalium pretiosum---Dentalium pretiosum Sowerby Indian Money Tusk Figure 6gi Alaska to Lower California.
Dentalium semistriolatum---Dentalium semistriolatum Guilding Half-scratched Tusk South Florida and the West Indies.
Dentalium sowerbyi---Dentalium sowerbyi Guilding Sowerby's Tusk North Carolina and Texas to Florida and the Lesser Antilles.
S. borealis---S. borealis is moderately common offshore.
Solemya occidentalis---Solemya occidentalis Deshayes West Indian Awning Clam West coast of Florida and the West Indies.
Solemya valvidus---Solemya valvidus Carpenter Pacific Awning Clam San Pedro, California, to the Gulf of California.
Nucula proxima---Subgenus Nucula s. str. Nucula proxima Say Nova Scotia to Florida and Texas.
Nucula atacellana---NUCULIDAE 3 35 Nucula atacellana Schenck Cancellate Nut Clam Figure yoe Massachusetts to Maryland.
N. reticulata---Formerly known as N. reticulata Jeffreys and cancellata Jeffreys.
Nucula crenulata---Nucula crenulata A. Adams Atlantic Crenulate Nut Clam South Carolina to Key West, Florida.
Nucula exigua---Nucula exigua Sowerby Pacific Crenulate Nut Clam Southern California to Ecuador.
N. crenulata---Very similar to N. crenulata from the Western Atlantic.
Nucula delphinodonta---Nucula delphinodonta Mighels Delphinula Nut Clam Figure jod Nova Scotia to Maryland.
Nucula tenuis---Nucula tenuis Montagu Smooth Nut Clam Figure 70c Labrador to Maryland.
Acila castrensis---Acila castrensis Hinds Divaricate Nut Clam Figure 72c Bering Sea to Lower California.
Nuculana tenuisulcata---Nuculana tenuisulcata Couthouy Thin Nut Clam Figure 71a Arctic Seas to Cape Cod.
Nuculana carpenteri---Nuculana carpenteri Dall North Carolina to West Indies.
Nuculana concentrica---Nuculana concentrica Say Northwest Florida to Texas.
Nuculana taphria---Nuculana taphria Dall Bodego Bay, California, to Lower California.
Nuculana hindsi---Nuculana hindsi Hanley Hinds' Nut Clam Nazan Bay, Alaska, to Costa Rica.
Yoldia limatula---Subgenus Yoldia s. str. Yoldia limatula Say File Yoldia Figure 71b Maine to Cape May, New Jersey.
Yoldia sapotilla---Yoldia sapotilla Gould Short Yoldia Plate 27b Arctic Seas to North Carolina.
A. umbonata---Do not confuse with A. umbonata.
Barbatia cancellaria---Barbatia cancellaria Lamarck Red-brown Ark Plate zyq Southern Florida and the West Indies.
B. barbata---This is a common species which is erroneously called B. barbata Linne (a Mediterranean species).
Barbatia bailyi---Barbatia bailyi Bartsch Baily's Miniature Ark Santa Monica, California, to Gulf of California.
Arcopsis adamsi---Arcopsis adamsi E. A. Smith Adams' Miniature Ark Figure 26b Cape Hatteras, North Carolina, to Brazil.
A. grandis---A. grandis Broderip and Sowerby in Mexican and Panamic waters is larger, heavier and has 25 to 27 ribs.
Anadara notabilis---Anadara notabilis Roding Eared Ark Plate 27P Northern Florida to the Caribbean and Brazil.
A. springeri---A. springeri Rehder and Abbott, published a month later, is this species.
Anadara transversa---Anadara transversa Say Transverse Ark Plate 27s South of Cape Cod to Florida and Texas.
A. sulcosa---A. sulcosa van Hyning 1 946 is this species.
Anadara ovalis---Anadara ovalis Bruguiere Blood Ark Plate 27t Cape Cod to the West Indies and the Gulf States.
A. mcongnia---A. mcongnia Say is this species.
Crenella decussata---Crenella decussata Montagu Decussate Crenella Bering Sea to San Pedro, California.
Modiolus modiolus---Modiolus modiolus Linne Northern Horse Mussel Figure 26) Arctic Seas to northeast Florida.
M. americanus---Do not confuse with M. americanus.
Modiolus demissus---Modiolus demissus Dillwyn Atlantic Ribbed Mussel Plate 28h Gulf of St. Lawrence to South Carolina.
Modiolus forjjicatus---Modiolus forjjicatus Carpenter California Horse Mussel Plate 29-0 Monterey to San Pedro, California.
Modiolus americanus---Resembles figure of Modiolus americanus (PI.
B. exustus---Com- pare with B. exustus Linne which is wider.
B. citrinus---Compare with B. citrinus, which is more elongate.
M. hamatus---This s\as known as M. hamatus Say and has sometimes been placed in the genus Mytilus.
Musculus laevigatus---Musculus laevigatus Gray Smooth Musculus Plate 28f Arctic Ocean to Puget Sound, and North Atlantic.
Musculus lateralis---Musculus lateralis Say Lateral Musculus Figure yjd North Carolina to Florida and the West Indies.
Pinctada radiata---Pinctada radiata Leach Atlantic Pearl Oyster Plate 35c South half of Florida and the West Indies.
P. haiidigjjobilis---The name P. haiidigjjobilis Karsten is invalid, as are all this author's names.
Atrina serrata---Atrina serrata Sowerby Saw-toothed Pen Shell Plate 27V North Carolina and south half of Florida.
Chlamys ornata---Chlamys ornata Lamarck Ornate Scallop Plate 3 4b Southeast Florida to the West Indies.
A. irradians concentricus---A. irradians concentricus Say.
A. irradians ajnplico---A. irradians ajnplico status Dall (fig.
L. inflata---A fairly common species which is often misidentified in collections as L. inflata Lamarck (not Gmelin) .
L. antillensis---L. antillensis Dall is the same.
Liinatida subauriculata---Genus Limatula Wood 1839 Liinatida subauriculata Montagu Small-eared Lima Greenland to Puerto Rico.
Anomia aculeata---Anomia aculeata Gmelin Prickly Jingle Shell Nova Scotia to North Carolina.
Anomia peruviana---Anomia peruviana Orbigny Peruvian Jingle Shell Plate 296 San Pedro, California, to Peru.
O. cristata---O. cristata Born is quite different and is limited to South America.
O. limacella---O. rubella and O. limacella Lamarck are this species.
C. floridensis---C. brasiliana Lamarck and C. floridensis Sowerby are this species.
Cardita floridana---Cardita floridana Conrad Broad-ribbed Cardita Plate 30a Southern half of Florida and Mexico.
Cardita gracilis---Cardita gracilis Shuttleworth is doubtfully recorded from Florida but is known from Mexico to Puerto Rico.
Cardita carpenteri---The Pacific Coast species is Cardita carpenteri Lamy (pi.
Venericardia tridentata---Compare with the commoner and closely resembling Venericardia tridentata.
Venericardia borealis---Venericardia borealis Conrad Northern Cardita Plate 28t Labrador to Cape Hatteras.
Venericardia ventricosa---Venericardia ventricosa Gould Stout Cardita Plate 29I Puget Sound to Santa Barbara Islands.
C. ventricosa---C. ventricosa is dredged fairly commonly.
Venericardia perplana---Venericardia perplana Conrad North Carolina to southern half of Florida.
Thyasira bisecta---Thyasira bisecta Conrad Pacific Cleft Clam Figure 77a Alaska to Oregon.
Lucina sonibrereiisis---Subgenus Here Gabb 1866 Lucina sonibrereiisis Dall Sombrero Lucina Figure 78b Southern Florida.
L. multilineata---Compare with L. multilineata.
Lucina approxiinata---PACIFIC: g, Lucina approxiinata Dall, ^ inch; h, Liicina tenui- sculpta Cpr., % inch.
Lucina tenuisculpta---Lucina tenuisculpta Carpenter Fine-lined Lucina Figure ySh Bering Sea to Lower California.
Lucina approximata---Lucina approximata Dall Approximate Lucina Figure ySg Monterey, California, to Panama.
P. filosus---Do not confuse with P. filosus.
Phacoides annulatus---Phacoides annulatus Reeve Western Ringed Lucina Figure 28f Alaska to southern California.
Lucina chrysostoma---This is Lucina chrysostoma Philippi.
Anodontia pbilippiana---Anodontia pbilippiana Reeve Chalky Buttercup Plate 386 North Carolina to east Florida, Cuba and Bermuda.
C. orbiculata---Do not confuse with C. orbiculata.
Codakia costata---Codakia costata Orbigny Costate Lucina North Carolina to southeast Florida and the West Indies.
D. dentata---D. dentata Wood from the West Indies is very similar, but its inner margin is smooth.
Chama pellucida---Chama pellucida Broderip Clear Jevv^el Box Plate 37a Oregon to Chile.
Echinochama arcinella---Echinochama arcinella Linne (True Spiny Jewel Box, pi.
Blepharopoda occidentalis---These clams are found attached to the gills or legs of the large sand crab, Blepharopoda occidentalis.
P. semisulcata---A similar species, P. semisulcata Sowerby (Frilled Paper Cockle, pi.
Laevicardium elatum---Laevicardium elatum Sowerby Giant Pacific Egg Cockle San Pedro, California, to Panama.
Clinocardium nuttalli---Clinocardium nuttalli Conrad Nuttall's Cockle Plate 31b Bering Sea to San Diego, California.
C. corbis---Once called C. corbis Martyn.
Mercenaria campechiensis---Mercenaria campechiensis Gmelin Southern Quahog Plate 32g Chesapeake Bay to Florida, Texas and Cuba.
C. succincta---This is a common shore species, formerly called C. succincta Val.
T. seviideciissata---T. seviideciissata Reeve appears to be the same as this introduced species.
T. bifurcata---Alias T. bifurcata Quayle 1938.
T. conradina---Atlantic Transennella Clams, a and b, Trfl725e72wd/a jfimp^cwi, % inch; c, T. conradina Dall, % inch.
Transennella tantilla---Transennella tantilla Gould Alaska to Lower California.
R. californica---R. californica Conrad is the same.
Cooperella subdiaphana---Cooperella subdiaphana Carpenter Shiny Cooper's Clam Southern California to Lower California.
Tellina tampaensis---Tellina tampaensis Conrad Tampa Tellin Figure 86b South half of Florida to Texas, the Bahamas and Cuba.
T. texana---T. sayi Dall (Dec. 1900) is a synonym of T. texana Dall (Nov. 1900).
Tellina alternata---Tellina alternata Say Alternate Tellin Plate 4on North Carolina, Florida, and the Gulf States.
T. laevigata---Do not confuse with T. laevigata which is glossy outside and has orange-tinted margins.
Strigilla carnaria---Strigilla carnaria Linne Large Strigilla Plate 40c North Carolina to Florida and western Caribbean.
Macoma balthica---Macoma balthica Linne Balthic Macoma Figure 88g Arctic Seas to off Georgia.
Macoma tenta---Macoma tenta Say Tenta Macoma Cape Cod to south half of Florida and the West Indies.
Macoma nasuta---Macoma nasuta Conrad Bent-nose Macoma Figure 88d Alaska to Lower California.
Macoma secta---Macoma secta Conrad White Sand Macoma Figure 88c Vancouver Island to the Gulf of California.
Macoma yoldijormis---1 TELLINIDAE 43 3 Macoma yoldijormis Carpenter Yoldia-shaped Macoma Alaska to San Diego, California.
Macoma carlottensis---Macoma carlottensis Whiteaves Queen Charlotte Macoma Arctic Ocean to Lower California.
Apolymetis biajigiilata---Apolymetis biajigiilata Carpenter Pacific Grooved Macoma Santa Barbara, California, to Ensenada, Mexico.
C. coarctata---C. coarctata Sowerby (Lower Keys and West Indies) has stronger, more widely separated con- centric ridges.
Cumingia calijornica---Cumingia calijornica Conrad Californian Cumingia Plate 31 V Crescent City, California, to Chile.
Donax denticulatus---Donax denticulatus Linne (pi.
Tagelus calijornianus---Tagelus calijornianus Conrad Californian Tagelus M onterey, California, to Panama.
Tagelus affinis---Tagelus affinis C. B. Adams Affinis Tagelus Southern California to Panama.
Heterodonax bimaculatus---Heterodonax bimaculatus Linne Small False Donax Plate 3oh South half of Florida and the West Indies.
Siliqiia costata---Siliqiia costata Sav Atlantic Razor Clam Plare ^of Gulf of St. Lawrence to New Jersey.
Siliqua patula---Siliqua patula Dixon Alaska to Monterey, California.
E. megistus---E. megistus Pilsbry and McGinty are probably 5 -inch- long specimens of minor.
Spisula falcata---Spisula falcata Gould Hooked Surf Clam Puget Sound, Washington, to California.
Spisula catillijormis---Spisula catillijormis Conrad Catilliform Surf Clam Figure 90c Washington State to Ensenada, California.
Spisula dolabriformis---Spisula dolabriformis Conrad Hatchet Surf Clam Figure 90a Lobitas, California, to Mexico.
Raeta canaliciilata---Formerly known as Raeta canaliciilata Say.
R. cainpechejisis---R. cainpechejisis Gray is also a synonym.
Labiosa lineata---Labiosa lineata Say Smooth Duck Clam North Carolina to the north % of Florida and to Texas.
Schizothaerus nuttalli nuttalli---Schizothaerus nuttalli nuttalli Conrad Pacific Gaper Plate 31Z Washington to Lower California.
Schizothaerus nuttalli capax---Schizothaerus nuttalli capax Gould Alaskan Gaper Kodiak Island, Alaska, to Monterey, California.
Rangia cuneata---Genus Rangia Desmoulins 1832 Rangia cuneata Gray Common Rangia Figure 91a, b Northwest Florida to Texas.
R. iiasuta---R. iiasuta Dall is probably only a rostrate form of this species.
R. flexuosa---Compare with R. flexuosa.
R. rostrata---R. rostrata Petit is a synonym.
Ervilia concentrica---Ervilia concentrica Gould Concentric Ervilia North Carolina to both sides of Florida and the West Indies.
Hiatella arctica---Hiatella arctica Linne Arctic Saxicave Figure 92a Arctic Seas to deep water in the West Indies.
H. striata---a, Hiatella arctica Linne; b, H. striata Fleuriau.
Hiatella arctica---a, Hiatella arctica Linne; b, H. striata Fleuriau.
H. rugosa---This is H. rugosa Linne and pholadis Linne.
Cyrtodaria kurriana---A similar species, Cyrtodaria kurriana Dunker, is found in arctic waters along the shores at low tide.
Panomya arctica---Genus Fanomya Gray 1857 Panomya arctica Lamarck Arctic Rough Mya Arctic Seas to Chesapeake Bay.
M. japonica---M. japonica Jay of the Pacific coast is probably this speices.
Sphenia fragilis---Sphenia fragilis Carpenter Fragile Sphenia Oregon to Mazatlan, Mexico.
Corhila contracta---Corhila contracta Say Contracted Corbula Cape Cod to Florida and the West Indies.
Corbula dietziana---Corbula dietziana C. B. Adams Dietz's Corbula North Carohna to southeast Florida and the West Indies.
Corbula nasuta---Corbula nasuta Say Snub-nose Corbula North Carolina to both sides of Florida and the West Indies.
Spengleria rostrata---Spengleria rostrata Spengler Atlantic Spengler Clam Southeast Florida and the West Indies.
Barnea truncata---) Barnea truncata Say Fallen Angel Wing Massachusetts Bay to south Florida.
Barnea siibtnmcata---Barnea siibtnmcata Sowcrby 1834 Pacific Mud Piddock San Francisco, California, to Lower California.
Barnea spathidata---Miss Turner advises me that this species must take the earlier name of Barnea spathidata Deshayes.
B. pacifica---It was formerly known as B. pacifica Stearns.
Zirfaea crispata---Genus Zirfaea Gray 1842 Zirfaea crispata Linne Great Piddock Figure 94c Newfoundland to New Jersey.
B. caribbea---Do not confuse with B. caribbea.
B. inexicana---It is believed that B. inexicana Bartsch is the same species.
Lyonsia arenosa---Lyonsia arenosa Moller Sanded Lyonsia Greenland to Maine.
P. carolinensis---P. carolinensis Bush is this species.
Pandora gouldiana---Gould's Pandora Figure 96c Pandora gouldiana Dall Gulf of St. Lawrence to Cape May, New Jersey.
Pandora filosa---Kennerlia Carpenter 1864 Pandora filosa Carpenter Western Pandora Alaska to Ensenada, Lower California.
Pandora bilirata---Pandora bilirata Conrad (Alaska to Lower California.
C. diibiosa---C. diibiosa Dall and C. pedroana Dall appear to be this species.
Poromya granulata---Poromya granulata Nyst Granular Poromya Plate 30s Cape Cod, Massachusetts, to east Florida and Cuba.
Cuspidaria glacialis---Cuspidaria glacialis Sars Glacial Cuspidaria Figure 97b Nova Scotia to Maryland.
Cuspidaria jeffreysi---Cuspidaria jeffreysi Dall Jeffrey's Cuspidaria Southern Florida and the West Indies.
Cardioviya costellata---Cardioviya costellata Deshayes Costate Cuspidaria North Carolina to south Florida and the West Indies.
C. midticostata---(C. midticostata Verrill and Smith may be the old form and C. geirnna Verrill and Bush the young form.
L. brevipinna---This is L. brevipinna Lesueur and L. hemiptera Howell.
L. hemiptera---This is L. brevipinna Lesueur and L. hemiptera Howell.
A. americana---A. americana Dall is the same.
O. americaniis---This is O. rugosus of authors, O. americaniis Blainville and O. carolinensis Verrill.
O. carolinensis---This is O. rugosus of authors, O. americaniis Blainville and O. carolinensis Verrill.
O. rugosus---This is O. rugosus of authors, O. americaniis Blainville and O. carolinensis Verrill.
Octopus briareus---Briar Octopus Fissure looc Octopus briareus Robson Southern Florida and the West Indies.
Octopus hongkongensis---Octopus hongkongensis Hoyle Common Pacific Octopus Figure loof Alaska to Lower California.
O. bimacidatus---Almost identical with O. bimacidatus Verrill.
Purpura lapillus---The Biology of Purpura lapillus.
Acmaea testudinalis---Biology of Acmaea testudinalis Muller.
Crepidula adunca---Guide to the Molluscan Literature 495 The Anatomy of the Gastropod Crepidula adunca Sowerby.
Acmaea testudinalis---The Anatomy of Acmaea testudinalis Aluller.
Saxidomus giganteus---Notes on the Ecology of the Butter Clam, Saxidomus giganteus Deshays.
Tivela stultorum---Growth a?jd Feedijig The Life-History and Growth of the Pismo Clam (Tivela stultorum Mawe).
Chama pellucida---Uber die Anatomic von Chama pellucida Broderip.
Taenia solium---[Ocular cysticercosis]Ocular cysticercosis results from development of Taenia solium larvae, Cysticercus cellulosae, in the eye.
Didinium nasutum---The swimming behaviour of two ciliate species, Paramecium caudatum and Didinium nasutum was analyzed under microgravity and hypergravity.
B. subtilis---After the approximately 11 months lasting mission, their responses were studied in terms of survival, mutagenesis in the his (B. subtilis) or lac locus (pUC19), induction of DNA strand breaks, efficiency of DNA repair systems, and the role of external protective agents.
Siphonophycus transvaalensis---filiformis, and Siphonophycus transvaalensis), as well as filamentous fossil bacteria (Archaeotrichion sp.); filamentous possible microfossils (unnamed hematitic filaments) also occur.
Fritillaria thunbergii---Ming Yi Bie Lu is the earliest book that includes the fritillary of Lilliae as a remedy, with its species Fritillaria thunbergii mig.
F. unibracteata---It is derived from F. unibracteata et K. C. Hsia and F. cirrkosa D. Don.
C. glabrata---The antifungal activity of trial denture cleansers prepared with berberine hydrochloride was examined against Candida albicans, C. tropicalis, and C. glabrata.
C. tropicalis---The antifungal activity of trial denture cleansers prepared with berberine hydrochloride was examined against Candida albicans, C. tropicalis, and C. glabrata.
T. vaginalis---Identification of a satellite double-stranded RNA in the parasitic protozoan Trichomonas vaginalis infected with T. vaginalis virus T1.
T. vaginalis---Co-infection by a 0.5-kb small double-stranded (ds) RNA together with Trichomonas vaginalis virus (TVV) genomic 4.6-kb dsRNA is commonly observed in a number of T. vaginalis isolates.
T. vaginalis---Consistent with the replication cycle of a typical dsRNA virus, a plus-strand viral RNA beginning at +1 of the 0.5-kb dsRNA was identified in infected T. vaginalis T1 cells by primer extension and Northern hybridization studies.
T. vaginalis---Very little sequence homology between the 0.5-kb dsRNA and the 4.6-kb dsRNA in TVV-T1 was found by computer-assisted analysis, suggesting that the small dsRNA in T. vaginalis T1 is not derived from the genome of TVV-T1 or other distantly related T. vaginalis viruses.
T. vaginalis---These results suggest that the small dsRNAs in T vaginalis are satellite RNAs of T. vaginalis virus.
Autographa californica---Biosynthesis and localization of the Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus 25K gene product.
Autographa californica---Passage of Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus through the midgut epithelium of Spodoptera exigua larvae.
Spodoptera exigua---Passage of Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus through the midgut epithelium of Spodoptera exigua larvae.
Autographa californica---A special recombinant of Autographa californica multicapsid nuclear polyhedrosis virus (AcNPV) was designed to study the early histopathological events of baculovirus infection in Spodoptera exigua larvae.
Spodoptera exigua---A special recombinant of Autographa californica multicapsid nuclear polyhedrosis virus (AcNPV) was designed to study the early histopathological events of baculovirus infection in Spodoptera exigua larvae.
Autographa californica---Positive hybridomas were confirmed by immunofluorescence on SF158 (Spodoptera frugiperda) insect cells infected with recombinant baculovirus (Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus) and expressing the complete EBNA2A or EBNA2B genes.
Haemophilus aphrophilus---Haemophilus aphrophilus bleb infection after a mitomycin trabeculectomy.
Haemophilus aphrophilus---BACKGROUND: Haemophilus aphrophilus is a rare cause of ocular infection.
Haemophilus aphrophilus---We present a case of Haemophilus aphrophilus bleb infection after a mitomycin trabeculectomy.
Haemophilus aphrophilus---The causative organism was Haemophilus aphrophilus, identified by the Toronto Public Health Laboratory, Ontario, Canada.
Torulopsis glabrata---Fluconazole use may increase emergence of resistant yeasts, particularly Candida krusei and Torulopsis glabrata.
Crotalus scutulatus scutulatus---The technique has been used for the rapid, selective, and quantitative screening of human blood for the presence of myotoxin a, and Mojave toxin form the venoms of the prairie rattlesnakes, Crotalus viridis viridis, and and the Mojave rattlesnake, Crotalus scutulatus scutulatus.
Sparus aurata---Cytogenetic analysis of gilthead seabream Sparus aurata (Pisces, Perciformes), a deletion affecting the NOR in a hatchery stock.
Sparus aurata---We have cytogenetically characterized a hatchery stock of gilthead seabream, Sparus aurata.
S. aurata---In S. aurata (diploid chromosome number 2n = 48), a pair of NORs is located at the ends of the short arms of the first submetacentric pair of chromosomes.
Autographa californica---Early transcription of the ie-1 transregulator gene of Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus is regulated by DNA sequences within its 5' noncoding leader region.
Autographa californica---The ie-1 gene of Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus (AcMNPV) encodes a transregulatory protein (IE1) which accelerates the expression of early and late virus genes.
Ambystoma mexicanum---We report the isolation and expression of an axolotl (Ambystoma mexicanum) c-ski (aski) gene.
Autographa californica---Synthetic genes encoding the 146 and 155 amino acid forms of human basic fibroblast growth factor (bFGF) were constructed with codon usage biased towards the polyhedrin-encoding gene of Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus (AcNPV).
Homarus americanus---Cloning and expression of two mRNAs encoding structurally different crustacean hyperglycemic hormone precursors in the lobster Homarus americanus.
B. pumilus---The gene for the extracellular ribonuclease of B. pumilus KMM62 (RNase Bp) has been cloned and sequenced.
B. amyloliquefaciens---The structural gene for this enzyme is similar to those of the extracellular ribonucleases of B. intermedius 7P (binase) and B. amyloliquefaciens H2 (barnase), as are the regulatory regions of binase and RNase Bp.
B. intermedius---The structural gene for this enzyme is similar to those of the extracellular ribonucleases of B. intermedius 7P (binase) and B. amyloliquefaciens H2 (barnase), as are the regulatory regions of binase and RNase Bp.
A. vinelandii---N-Terminal sequence alignments (up to the 49th residue) showed that A. vinelandii Fe-SOD has high similarity with other prokaryotic Fe-SODs.
B. subtilis---sigma B-dependent transcription is induced when B. subtilis enters the stationary phase of growth or is exposed to any of a number of different environmental stresses.
Lactococcus lactis---The LlaI restriction and modification (R/M) system is encoded on pTR2030, a 46.2-kb conjugative plasmid from Lactococcus lactis.
Lactococcus lactis---Amino Acid SequenceBase SequenceBlotting, NorthernConjugation, GeneticConserved SequenceDNA Mutational AnalysisDNA Restriction-Modification EnzymesFrameshift MutationGenes, BacterialLactococcus lactisMolecular Sequence DataOpen Reading FramesOperonPlasmidsRNA, BacterialSequence Analysis, DNASequence Homology, Amino AcidSite-Specific DNA-Methyltransferase (Adenine-Specific)
M. gallisepticum---The size of the M. gallisepticum S6 genome was calculated to be approximately 1,054 kb.
A. tumefaciens---The maltose-binding protein-VirB11 fusion was able to complement a virB11 deletion mutant of A. tumefaciens for tumor formation and also localized properly to the inner membrane of A. tumefaciens.
A. tumefaciens---The mutant proteins also localized properly to the inner membrane of A. tumefaciens, but the VirB11K175R protein appeared to be unstable after lysis of the cells.
Stigmatella aurantiaca---A retron element of the Mx162 type was cloned from Melittangium lichenicola, and its DNA sequence was compared with those of similar elements in M. xanthus and Stigmatella aurantiaca.
Azorhizobium caulinodans---Nicotinate catabolism is dispensable and nicotinate anabolism is crucial in Azorhizobium caulinodans growing in batch culture and chemostat culture on N2 as The N source.
Azorhizobium caulinodans---When Azorhizobium caulinodans was grown in chemostat cultures with N2 as the N source at a constant dilution rate of 0.1 h-1 in media with a constant concentration (50 mM) of succinate and variable concentrations (1.5 to 585 microM) of nicotinate, neither the growth yield on succinate, the specific rate of O2 consumption, nor the specific rate of CO2 production showed linear regression with the concentration of nicotinate.
A. caulinodans---A. caulinodans nicotinate hydroxylase-negative mutant 61007, unable to catabolize nicotinate, and the wild type behaved similarly.
A. caulinodans---Ut us concluded that A. caulinodans is a true diazotroph.
Halobacterium volcanii---Lack of production of (p)ppGpp in Halobacterium volcanii under conditions that are effective in the eubacteria.
Acidaminococcus fermentans---Identification of glutamate beta 54 as the covalent-catalytic residue in the active site of glutaconate CoA-transferase from Acidaminococcus fermentans.
Acidaminococcus fermentans glutaconate---In the course of glutamate fermentation by Acidaminococcus fermentans glutaconate coenzyme A-transferase catalyzes the transfer of CoAS- from acetyl-CoA to (R)-2-hydroxyglutarate, forming (R)-2-hydroxyglutaryl-CoA.
T. tessulatum---The ratio of leucine-enkephalin and methionine-enkephalin of 2:1 is in line with previous immunocytochemical data obtained on T. tessulatum brains.
T. tessulatum---The presence of enkephalins in T. tessulatum, an animal belonging to the oldest group of coelomate metazoans (the Annelida) establishes the very ancient phylogenetic origin of opioids and their conservation in the course of evolution.
Eimeria spinosa---These were, in order of prevalence, Balantidium coli, Ascaris suum, Eimeria spinosa, E. debliecki and E. suis.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serotype-2 antibodies in sow colostrum in Finnish pig-health-scheme herds.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---A direct ELISA with phenol-extracted antigen for Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serotype 2 was developed.
A. pleuropneumoniae---The test was specific when tested with rabbit antisera prepared against different A. pleuropneumoniae serotypes.
A. pleuropneumoniae---A total of 1307 positive samples were found in 129 out of 154 herds, thus indicating that most of the disease-control herds in Finland are infected with A. pleuropneumoniae serotype 2.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus InfectionsActinobacillus pleuropneumoniaeAnimalsAntibodies, BacterialColostrumEnzyme-Linked Immunosorbent AssayFemaleFinlandSwineSwine Diseases
Coxiella burnetii---Detection of Coxiella burnetii in cow's milk using the polymerase chain reaction (PCR).
C. burnetii---A PCR approach (transposon PCR) with primers based on repetitive transposon-like sequences, which--depending on the isolate--were found at a minimum frequency of 19 on the C. burnetii genome, was established for the highly sensitive and specific detection of C. burnetii.
C. burnetii---This study describes the analytical detection of C. burnetii in milk, which requires a special preparation method prior to PCR.
C. burnetii---Because of the low level of C. burnetii particles in milk samples, template DNA was concentrated by a factor of 200, using cetyltrimethylammonium bromide as the precipitation reagent.
C. burnetii---Using this particular preparation method, even a single C. burnetii particle could be detected in 1 ml milk.
Coxiella burnetii---AnimalsBase SequenceCattleCoxiella burnetiiDNA PrimersDNA Transposable ElementsDNA, BacterialMilkMolecular Sequence DataPolymerase Chain ReactionSensitivity and Specificity
Ancylostoma caninum---Investigations into the efficacy of doramectin on reactivated somatic larvae of Ancylostoma caninum Ercolani 1859 (Ancylostomatidae) in pregnant bitches.
Ancylostoma caninum---The aim of this investigation was to examine whether reactivated somatic Ancylostoma caninum larvae can be eliminated by the administration of doramectin to pregnant bitches.
A. caninum---Four pregnant bitches experimentally infected with 20,000 third-stage larvae of A. caninum were treated subcutaneously with 1 mg doramectin per kg body weight on day 55 of the pregnancy (5-8 days before parturition).
A. caninum---Post mortem, they revealed a total of 8649 intestinal stages of A. caninum.
Coxiella burnetii---Pathomorphological studies in European bison (Bison bonasus Linnaeus, 1758) with seropositive reaction to Coxiella burnetii.
Coxiella burnetii---Of these animals, 36 were serologically positive due to Coxiella burnetii, which confirmed the presence of Q fever epizootic foci in this population of wild animals in Poland.
C. burnetii---The presence of multiple foci of mononuclear cells typical for Q fever was a consistent finding in all tissues of the majority of C. burnetii seropositive animals under study.
C. burnetii---These changes were absent in bison showing a C. burnetii seronegative reaction.
Coxiella burnetii---AnimalsAnimals, WildAntibodies, BacterialBisonCoxiella burnetiiFemaleKidneyLungMaleMyocardiumPolandQ Fever
Tragulus javanicus---Immunohistochemical study of the distribution of endocrine cells in the gastrointestinal tract of the lesser mouse deer (Tragulus javanicus).
Tragulus javanicus---The occurrence and distribution of endocrine cells in the gastrointestinal tract of the lesser mouse deer, Tragulus javanicus, were studied immunohistochemically.
A. ochraceus---While all cultures produced both gibberellin and sterol in variable amounts, Aspergillus flavus, A. niger, A. ochraceus, Cladosporium cladosporioides, Gibberella zeae, Penicillium funiculosum, P. italicum and P. rubrum were the best producers.
P. italicum---While all cultures produced both gibberellin and sterol in variable amounts, Aspergillus flavus, A. niger, A. ochraceus, Cladosporium cladosporioides, Gibberella zeae, Penicillium funiculosum, P. italicum and P. rubrum were the best producers.
Penicillium funiculosum---While all cultures produced both gibberellin and sterol in variable amounts, Aspergillus flavus, A. niger, A. ochraceus, Cladosporium cladosporioides, Gibberella zeae, Penicillium funiculosum, P. italicum and P. rubrum were the best producers.
P. italicum---The isolates of A. niger isolated from soil and P. italicum isolated from citrus fruit were selected for further studies.
P. italicum---On the other hand, sterol was accumulated in P. italicum by vegetable oils more than fruit oils.
L. innocua---Delayed type hypersensitivity (DTH) and ELISA tests carried out with soluble fractions of L. innocua (serotype 6a) or L. monocytogenes (serotype 4b) seem to be useful in detecting listeriosis at an early stage.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---The effects of this compound on dehydrogenases activity in the cells Rhizobium leguminosarum isolated from root nodules, soil dehydrogenases activity and number of microorganisms from different systematic or physiological groups were also studied.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---Studies were carried out in three experimental series: without microorganisms or with addition of Azotobacter sp. or Rhizobium leguminosarum biovar.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---L-tryptophane and auxine increased the dehydrogenases activity in the cells of Rhizobium leguminosarum isolated from root nodules and the effect on the activity of soil dehydrogenases and urease was dependent on the rate of L-tryptophane.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---AzotobacterFabaceaeIndoleacetic AcidsMetalsOxidoreductasesPlant Growth RegulatorsPlant RootsPlant StemsPlants, MedicinalRhizobium leguminosarumSoil MicrobiologyTryptophanUrease
C. albicans---Pre-exposure of C. albicans in 1:4 and 1:16 MICs of the antifungals resulted in an increased resistance to apo-lactoferrin-mediated cell death.
C. albicans---These results taken together indicate that apo-lactoferrin, an important component of saliva, interacts with cell-membrane constituents of C. albicans such as mannoproteins, and may modulate the effect of topical antifungal agents commonly prescribed for oral candidoses.
Scyliorhinus canicula---Cardiac development in the dogfish (Scyliorhinus canicula): a model for the study of vertebrate cardiogenesis.
Scyliorhinus canicula---We have studied the cardiac development of the dogfish (Scyliorhinus canicula) in six serially sectioned embryos ranging from 14 to 40 mm in total length.
L. biflexa---[Specificity of the recombinant DNA pCX7 and its restriction enzyme map]The recombinant DNA pCX7 derived from L. interrogans serovar lai strain 017 was applied for hybridization with 17 strains (8 serogroups of L. interrogans, L. biflexa strain Patoc I and Leptonema strain 3055); meanwhile 15 restriction endonucleases were used for analysis of the restriction enzyme map of pCX7.
Actinobacillus equuli---Actinobacillus equuli was isolated, either alone or in combination with other bacteria, from thoracic fluid of these 4 horses.
Ancylostoma caninum---The wild dog (Lycaon pictus): a new host for Ancylostoma caninum.
Ancylostoma caninum---Adult male and female Ancylostoma caninum were recovered from an approximately 3-month-old pup which died of distemper-like disease and a 9-year-old severely debilitated captive wild dog.
A. caninum---A single adult A. caninum was also recovered from the intestines of a free-ranging wild dog in the Kruger National Park.
A. caninum---These findings confirm the wild dog to be a host for A. caninum.
C. psittaci---A chlamydia presumed to be C. psittaci was isolated from livers of affected hatchlings.
Histoplasma capsulatum var---Comparative evaluation of the Premier enzyme immunoassay, micro-immunodiffusion and complement fixation tests for the detection of Histoplasma capsulatum var.
Histoplasma capsulatum var---A total of 178 sera, including 68 from proven cases of histoplasmosis (65 positive for the presence of Histoplasma capsulatum var.
H. capsulatum var---capsulatum antibodies and three positive for antigen), 93 from patients with suspected histoplasmosis but with no laboratory evidence of H. capsulatum var.
H. capsulatum---capsulatum infection, 14 from humans with heterologous fungal and non-fungal infections and three from normal individuals, were tested for IgG H. capsulatum antibodies and M or M and H precipitins by enzyme immunoassay (EIA) (Meridian Diagnostics, Cincinnati, OH, USA) and microimmunodiffusion (MID) respectively.
H. capsulatum---Sera from HIV-infected and healthy individuals did not show IgG or M and/or H antibodies to H. capsulatum.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---Paracoccidioides brasiliensis protoplast production by enzymatic treatment.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---The action of the enzymes novozym 234, chitinase and zymolyase 20T on the yeast-like cells of Paracoccidioides brasiliensis was studied in an attempt to obtain protoplast release.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---Structurally, such yeast cells present some resemblance to Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
C. glabrata---Other species included C. tropicalis, C. krusei, C. kefyr, C. glabrata and C. guilliermondii.
C. guilliermondii---Other species included C. tropicalis, C. krusei, C. kefyr, C. glabrata and C. guilliermondii.
C. tropicalis---Other species included C. tropicalis, C. krusei, C. kefyr, C. glabrata and C. guilliermondii.
C. albicans---Of the C. albicans isolates, 42.8% showed in vitro resistance to miconazole and 6.6% to econazole.
P. ariasi---2267 sandflies were caught, which 196 were vectors: P. perniciosus (182), P. sergenti (6), P. papatasi (4) and P. ariasi (4).
P. perniciosus---2267 sandflies were caught, which 196 were vectors: P. perniciosus (182), P. sergenti (6), P. papatasi (4) and P. ariasi (4).
P. ariasi---However, P. sergenti and P. ariasi were not described in Catelln until now.
P. carinii---The natural appearance of Pneumocystis carinii in induced sputum samples was studied in 60 HIV-infected patients with severe immunodeficiency and without a history of P. carinii pneumonia (PCP).
P. carinii---The patients were prospectively evaluated for occurrence of P. carinii in induced sputum samples, PCP diagnosis and CD4+ cell counts during observation periods of 2 to 31 months.
P. carinii---P. carinii was detected in 16 patients all of whom developed clinical PCP.
P. carinii---In 5 patients P. carinii was detected 3 weeks to 8 months prior to clinical symptoms.
P. carinii---Immunofluorescence using monoclonal antibody 3F6 was more sensitive than toluidine in detecting P. carinii in sputum samples (p &lt; 0.05).
P. carinii---We conclude that P. carinii is present in some asymptomatic HIV patients and that the detection of the organism in sputum should be regarded as pathological and prophylaxis or treatment inserted.
P. carinii---The risk of transmission of P. carinii to patients with severe immunodeficiency should be seriously considered.
C. albicans---C. albicans was the most common species, but in the last 2 years, C. tropicalis and C. parapsilosis were emerging.
C. tropicalis---C. albicans was the most common species, but in the last 2 years, C. tropicalis and C. parapsilosis were emerging.
C. albicans---These findings demonstrate that candidemia appears to be declining since 1990, with a noticeable decrease in the prevalence of C. albicans but an increase in that of C. tropicalis and C. parapsilosis, that fewer patients are left untreated since fluconazole became available, and that the risk of late complications among the survivors is low.
C. tropicalis---These findings demonstrate that candidemia appears to be declining since 1990, with a noticeable decrease in the prevalence of C. albicans but an increase in that of C. tropicalis and C. parapsilosis, that fewer patients are left untreated since fluconazole became available, and that the risk of late complications among the survivors is low.
Legionella pneumophila---Antibodies, BacterialAntigens, BacterialDisease OutbreaksHumansLegionella pneumophilaLegionnaires' DiseaseRadioimmunoassaySensitivity and SpecificitySwedenTime Factors
Canavalia ensiformis---The set included lectins Lens culinaris (LcL), Canavalia ensiformis (Con A), Ricinus communis (RCA 1), Arachis hypogaea (PNA), Triticum vulgaris (WGA), Laburnum anagyroides (LAL).
Scorpaena porcus---[Effect of hypoxia on biochemical parameters of Scorpaena erythrocytes]Hypoxia effect on the nuclear of the Scorpaena porcus (L.) in vivo was studied.
Serratula coronata---Preventive introduction of the steroid preparation from Serratula coronata L. to experimental animals exerts a genoprotective effect, probably, as a result of derepression of genes responsible for reparation of chromatin structure.
Eubacterium acidaminophilum---Except for the different substrate-activating proteins PB, reduction of sarcosine or betaine to acetyl phosphate involves in Eubacterium acidaminophilum the same set of proteins as observed for glycine, e.g.
Azorhizobium caulinodans---Four rhizobial proteins (from Rhizobium meliloti, R. leguminosarum, B. japonicum and Azorhizobium caulinodans) are involved in the regulation of nitrogen fixation; a fifth (from Rhizobium strain IC3342) has unknown function.
R. leguminosarum---Four rhizobial proteins (from Rhizobium meliloti, R. leguminosarum, B. japonicum and Azorhizobium caulinodans) are involved in the regulation of nitrogen fixation; a fifth (from Rhizobium strain IC3342) has unknown function.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Two proteins from mammalian pathogens (Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae and Bordetella pertussis) may be involved in the regulation of toxin expression.
A. denitrificans---In a number of other Gram-negative species, there is good indirect evidence for the existence of FNR analogues; these include Alcaligenes eutrophus, A. denitrificans, A. faecalis, Paracoccus denitrificans and a number of Pseudomonas species.
A. faecalis---In a number of other Gram-negative species, there is good indirect evidence for the existence of FNR analogues; these include Alcaligenes eutrophus, A. denitrificans, A. faecalis, Paracoccus denitrificans and a number of Pseudomonas species.
Gardnerella vaginalis---AdolescentAdultBacteria, AnaerobicFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHumansLactobacillusMiddle AgedVaginaVaginosis, Bacterial
N. malayanus---Nei's (Genetics 89, 583, 1978) genetic distance, D, between N. virescens and N. malayanus was 0.181, that between N. virescens and N. nigropictus was 0.283, and that between N. malayanus and N. nigropictus was 0.203.
N. malayanus---The proportion of polymorphic loci and the observed heterozygosities were higher in N. nigropictus, with a wider range of host plants, than in N. virescens and N. malayanus, restricted to rice and L. hexandra, respectively.
L. capensis---Speciation and paraphyly in western Mediterranean hares (Lepus castroviejoi, L. europaeus, L. granatensis, and L. capensis) revealed by mitochondrial DNA phylogeny.
L. europaeus---Speciation and paraphyly in western Mediterranean hares (Lepus castroviejoi, L. europaeus, L. granatensis, and L. capensis) revealed by mitochondrial DNA phylogeny.
L. granatensis---Speciation and paraphyly in western Mediterranean hares (Lepus castroviejoi, L. europaeus, L. granatensis, and L. capensis) revealed by mitochondrial DNA phylogeny.
L. europaeus---Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) variation among specimens of the northwestern African hare (Lepus capensis schlumbergeri) and three European hares sampled in Spain (L. castroviejoi and L. granatensis, which are endemic to the Iberian Peninsula, and L. europaeus) was analyzed using seven restriction endonucleases.
L. granatensis---Mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA) variation among specimens of the northwestern African hare (Lepus capensis schlumbergeri) and three European hares sampled in Spain (L. castroviejoi and L. granatensis, which are endemic to the Iberian Peninsula, and L. europaeus) was analyzed using seven restriction endonucleases.
L. capensis---mtDNA of L. capensis was the most divergent, which is consistent with its allopatric African distribution and with an African origin of European hares.
L. capensis---Maximum intraspecies nucleotides divergences were 1.3% in L. capensis, 2.7% in L. castroviejoi, and 2.3% in L. granatensis but 13.0% in L. europaeus.
L. europaeus---Maximum intraspecies nucleotides divergences were 1.3% in L. capensis, 2.7% in L. castroviejoi, and 2.3% in L. granatensis but 13.0% in L. europaeus.
L. granatensis---Maximum intraspecies nucleotides divergences were 1.3% in L. capensis, 2.7% in L. castroviejoi, and 2.3% in L. granatensis but 13.0% in L. europaeus.
L. granatensis---The latter species contained two main mtDNA lineages, one on the branch leading to L. castroviejoi and the other on that leading to L. granatensis.
L. europaeus---The separation of these two lineages from the L. castroviejoi or L. granatensis lineages appears to be much older than the first paleontological record of L. europaeus in the Iberian peninsula.
L. granatensis---The separation of these two lineages from the L. castroviejoi or L. granatensis lineages appears to be much older than the first paleontological record of L. europaeus in the Iberian peninsula.
L. europaeus---This suggests that the apparent polyphyly of L. europaeus is due not to secondary introgression, but to the retention of ancestral polymorphism in L. europaeus.
L. europaeus---The results suggest that L. europaeus either has evolved as a very large population for a long time or has been fractionated.
L. europaeus---L. europaeus appears to be the common phylogenetic trunk which has diversified during dispersion over the European continent and from which L. castroviejoi and L. granatensis speciated separately in southwest Europe.
L. granatensis---L. europaeus appears to be the common phylogenetic trunk which has diversified during dispersion over the European continent and from which L. castroviejoi and L. granatensis speciated separately in southwest Europe.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---CarbonatesChloridesEnvironmental MonitoringGeobacillus stearothermophilusHot TemperatureHydroxidesMetalsOxalatesPhosphatesSpores, BacterialSulfates
Anemonia sulcata---Toxin from the sea anemone Anemonia sulcata affects the function of rat liver mitochondria.
Crotalus adamanteus---The crystal structure of adamalysin II, a zinc-endopeptidase from the snake venom of the eastern diamondback rattlesnake Crotalus adamanteus.
Crotalus adamanteus---Adamalysin II, alias proteinase II, a 24-kDa zinc-endopeptidase from the snake venom of Crotalus adamanteus, is a member of a large family of metalloproteinases isolated as small proteinases or proteolytic domains of mosaic hemorrhagic proteins from various snake venoms.
Mesocricetus auratus---Postnatal changes in the dorsal root reflex in the isolated spinal cord of the hamster, Mesocricetus auratus.
Mesocricetus auratus---Postnatal changes in the role of NMDA in the isolated spinal cord of the hamster, Mesocricetus auratus.
Aplysia californica---Cholinergic and serotonergic receptors of Aplysia californica buccal muscles were characterized pharmacologically by determining compounds that effectively inhibited contractile responses to acetylcholine (ACh) and modulatory effects of serotonin (5-HT), respectively.
Panulirus argus---The effect of ecdysis on DNA of the hepatopancreas and green gland of the Florida spiny lobster (Panulirus argus).
Panulirus argus---The DNA content per gram of wet hepatopancreas and green gland of Panulirus argus was found to vary with molt stage.
Echinococcus granulosus---Partial purification and comparison of the kinetic properties of ovine liver Echinococcus granulosus hydatid cyst fluid malate dehydrogenase and the cytoplasmic enzyme from the host liver.
Echinococcus granulosus---Ovine liver Echinococcus granulosus hydatid cyst fluid and cytoplasmic healthy ovine liver malate dehydrogenases were purified 24- and 30-fold by Sephadex G-200 and DEAE-Sephadex chromatography.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Adenylate KinaseAnimalsButanolsCarpsChickensDithiothreitolEnzyme ReactivatorsEthanolEthylmaleimideGeobacillus stearothermophilusHot TemperatureIsoenzymesLiverMuscle, SkeletalProtein DenaturationRabbitsSpecies SpecificitySulfurSwineTuna
Beauveria brongniartii---Identification of group-I introns in the 28s rDNA of the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria brongniartii.
Beauveria brongniartii---The length of the 28s ribosomal DNA differs significantly between two strains (Bt102 and Bt114) of the entomopathogenic fungus Beauveria brongniartii.
B. brongniartii---The presence of the intron in other strains of B. brongniartii was examined by the hybridization method.
C. reinhardtii---For each of the four genes, with the exception of rps3, the C. eugametos and C. reinhardtii coding regions were found to be identical, or very similar, in length, whereas each of the intergenic spacers is substantially longer in C. eugametos than in C. reinhardtii.
Datura innoxia---Different transgenic plants of Brassica napus, Brassica nigra, Datura innoxia and Vicia narbonensis expressing the hph gene under the control of the 35s promoter were co-cultivated with mycelial material of Aspergillus niger in microcosms under sterile conditions.
Vicia narbonensis---Different transgenic plants of Brassica napus, Brassica nigra, Datura innoxia and Vicia narbonensis expressing the hph gene under the control of the 35s promoter were co-cultivated with mycelial material of Aspergillus niger in microcosms under sterile conditions.
Datura stramonium---Aspergillus nigerBase SequenceBrassicaDNA, FungalDNA, PlantDNA, RecombinantDatura stramoniumDrug Resistance, MicrobialFabaceaeGenes, BacterialGenes, SyntheticHygromycin BMolecular Sequence DataPhosphotransferases (Alcohol Group Acceptor)Plants, Genetically ModifiedPlants, MedicinalPlants, ToxicPromoter Regions, GeneticRecombinant Fusion ProteinsTransformation, Genetic
Trichoderma harzianum---Cloning and characterization of a chitinase (chit42) cDNA from the mycoparasitic fungus Trichoderma harzianum.
Trichoderma harzianum---A cDNA of Trichoderma harzianum (chit42), coding for an endochitinase of 42 kDa, has been cloned using synthetic oligonucleotides corresponding to amino-acid sequences of the purified chitinase.
T. harzianum---Southern analysis shows that it is present as a single-copy gene in T. harzianum.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Bacteria, AnaerobicChi-Square DistributionDental FistulaDental Pulp DiseasesFemaleFusobacterium nucleatumGram-Negative Anaerobic BacteriaGram-Positive CocciGram-Positive RodsHumansMalePeptostreptococcusPeriapical DiseasesPeriodontal DiseasesPrevotellaToothache
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Colony Count, MicrobialEndodonticsEnvironmental MonitoringEquipment ContaminationEvaluation Studies as TopicGeobacillus stearothermophilusHot TemperatureInfection ControlSpores, BacterialSterilization
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus on iron bioavailability in rats.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---The effect of Lactobacillus acidophilus on iron bioavailability in rats was examined by the hemoglobin regeneration method.
L. acidophilus---In the two groups fed the same diet, one group additionally received oral administration of 2 ml of skim milk fortified with 0.3% yeast extract once or twice a day for 7 days, and other rats were administered with skim milk fermented by L. acidophilus SBT 2062 in the same manner.
L. acidophilus---These results indicate that L. acidophilus SBT 2062 is effective for increasing of iron bioavailability in rats.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---AnimalsBiological AvailabilityFemaleFermentationHemoglobinsIronLactobacillus acidophilusMilkRatsRats, Wistar
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Effects of skim milk and its fermented product by Lactobacillus acidophilus on plasma and liver lipid levels in diet-induced hypertriglyceridemic rats.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Effects of skim milk and its fermented product by Lactobacillus acidophilus on plasma and liver triglyceride and cholesterol levels were examined in diet-induced hypertriglyceridemic rats.
L. acidophilus---The test diet was supplemented with either 20% skim milk powder or 20% powder of skim milk fermented by L. acidophilus SBT 2062.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---AnimalsCholesterolFermentationFructoseHypertriglyceridemiaLactobacillus acidophilusLipid MetabolismLipidsLiverMaleMilkPlant OilsRatsRats, Sprague-DawleySucroseTriglycerides
B. bronchiseptica---In this report, we have investigated the interaction between porcine PMN and B. bronchiseptica.
B. bronchiseptica---A monoclonal antibody specific for the leukocyte integrin polypeptide CD18 partially inhibited attachment of B. bronchiseptica to normal PMN but not to PMN genetically deficient in CD11/CD18 integrins.
B. bronchiseptica---We conclude that B. bronchiseptica is readily ingested by porcine PMN in the absence of complement and antibody and that internalization is mediated by multiple adhesion mechanisms, including CD18- and carbohydrate-dependent ones.
Taenia saginata---The prevalence of the parasites was as follows: Ascaris lumbricoides (20.8%); Trichuris trichiura, (15.3%); Necator americanus (13.0%); Entamoeba histolytica (6.8%); Taenia saginata (2.3%); Strongyloides stercoralis (1.3%); Schistosoma mansoni (0.3%); Giardia lamblia (0.1%).
Haemophilus aegyptius---Outer membrane protein profiling to distinguish between Haemophilus aegyptius and non-capsulate Haemophilus influenzae biotype III.
Haemophilus aegyptius---The possibility that this strain was in fact Haemophilus aegyptius was queried because of clinical information and the source of the isolate.
H. aegyptius---Sodium dodecyl-sulphate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis was used to establish the identity of the isolate as non-capsulate H. influenzae biotype III and no H. aegyptius.
H. aegyptius---Generally, protein profiling compared very favourably with other standard tests for identifying H. aegyptius: the method was easily and rapidly performed and gave an unequivocal result.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Bacillus subtilisEnvironmental MonitoringEquipment FailureEthylene OxideGeobacillus stearothermophilusHot TemperatureInfection ControlInfection Control PractitionersLaboratoriesMichiganSchools, DentalSpores, BacterialSteamSterilization
Treponema pallidum---BY TPHA test 62.97 per cent of the sera were reactive for Treponema pallidum.
S. salivarius---Specimens that demonstrated color change were cultured for S. salivarius.
B. subtilis---Inhibitory effects of various esters of trans-4-guanidinomethylcyclohexanecarboxylic acid and the 4-tert- butylphenyl esters of amidinopiperidine-4-alkanoic, trans-4- amidinocyclohexanealkanoic, trans-4-guanidinoethylcyclohexanecarboxylic and trans-4-guanidinocyclohexanealkanoic acids, all trypsin inhibitors, on the growth of E. coli, B. subtilis, S. aureus and S. epidermidis were examined.
B. subtilis---The 4-tert-butylphenyl esters also strongly inhibited B. subtilis, S. aureus and S. epidermidis, and the order, of the inhibitory effects on these bacteria roughly coincided with that on E. coli.
B. subtilis---The order of the inhibitory effects of each ester, on these bacteria was S. epidermidis > S. aureus > B. subtilis > E. coli.
B. subtilis---Hydrolysis of tert-butyloxycarbonyl-L-valyl-L-prolyl-L-arginine 4-methylcoumarin-7-amide, which is a substrate for proteinase In, in crude extracts of E. coli, B. subtilis and S. epidermidis was examined.
B. subtilis---The order of this activity in these bacteria was E. coli > B. subtilis > S. epidermidis.
Alsophila spinulosa---Xanthine oxidase inhibitors from the leaves of Alsophila spinulosa (Hook) Tryon.
Alsophila spinulosa---Diploptene(1), beta-sitosterol(2), a mixture of 6'-O-(E-P-coumaroyl)-alpha-glucopyranose and 6'-O-(E-P-coumaroyl)-beta-glucopyranose(3), a mixture of 6'-O-(E-P-caffeoyl)-alpha-glucopyranose and 6'-O-(E-P-caffeoyl)-beta-glucopyranose(4), caffeic acid(5) and astragalin(6) were isolated from an ethanolic extract of the leaves of Alsophila spinulosa Hook Tryon (Cyatheaceae).
C. adustus---Only three side-striped jackals (C. adustus) were sampled, but antibodies to CPV-2 and CDV were present.
Taxidea taxus---Effects of a modified-live virus canine distemper vaccine on captive badgers (Taxidea taxus).
Colinus virginianus---Four-week-old northern bobwhite quail (Colinus virginianus) were inoculated subcutaneously with 10(6) organisms from a low passage culture of Borrelia burgdorferi.
Pasteurella haemolytica---Comparative leukotoxicities of Pasteurella haemolytica isolates from domestic sheep and free-ranging bighorn sheep (Ovis canadensis).
Pasteurella haemolytica---Twenty-eight isolates of Pasteurella haemolytica from domestic sheep (n = 14 isolates) and bighorn sheep (n = 14 isolates) were evaluated for leucotoxicity against peripheral blood neutrophils of bighorn sheep by adding bacterial culture supernatants to bighorn sheep neutrophils in vitro.
P. haemolytica---Leukotoxic isolates of P. haemolytica, defined as causing > 50% neutrophil death as measured by release of lactate dehydrogenase into culture supernatants, were identified from eight of 14 domestic sheep isolates and from 0 of 14 bighorn sheep isolates.
P. haemolytica---The in vitro assay of isolates of P. haemolytica may provide a valid predictive measure of strain virulence of P. haemolytica, and of potential pneumonic episodes in bighorn sheep populations.
Mannheimia haemolytica---AnimalsAnimals, WildBacterial ToxinsCytotoxinsExotoxinsFemaleL-Lactate DehydrogenaseMaleMannheimia haemolyticaNeutrophilsPasteurella InfectionsSheepSheep DiseasesVirulence
Pasteurella haemolytica---Alveolar macrophages and peripheral blood neutrophils from elk (Cervus elaphus), bighorn sheep (Ovis canadensis canadensis), and domestic sheep were exposed to culture supernatants from Pasteurella haemolytica isolated from bighorn sheep and domestic sheep.
P. haemolytica---In a second experiment, peripheral blood neutrophils from mule deer (Odocoileus hemionus), elk, and bighorn sheep were exposed to culture supernatants from P. haemolytica isolated from elk, bighorn sheep and domestic sheep.
P. haemolytica supernatants---Alveolar macrophages from elk, bighorn sheep and domestic sheep were resistant to killing by P. haemolytica supernatants from bighorn sheep and domestic sheep; susceptibility of neutrophils to cell death, as measured by release of lactate dehydrogenase, differed significantly (P &lt; 0.05) between the four species tested.
P. haemolytica---Bighorn sheep and domestic sheep neutrophils were susceptible to cytotoxin damage by the P. haemolytica isolates used; bighorn sheep neutrophils were four- to eight-fold more susceptible to cytotoxin damage than domestic sheep neutrophils.
Mannheimia haemolytica---AnimalsAnimals, WildBacterial ToxinsCytotoxinsDeerEnterobacter cloacaeFemaleMacrophages, AlveolarMaleMannheimia haemolyticaNeutrophilsPasteurellosis, PneumonicSheepSheep Diseases
Arctocephalus philippii---Immobilization of Juan Fernandez fur seals, Arctocephalus philippii, with ketamine hydrochloride and diazepam.
Arctocephalus philippii---During November and December of 1988, 1990, and 1991, a total of 22 free-ranging Juan Fernndez fur seal (Arctocephalus philippii) females from Alejandro Selkirk Island, Juan Fernndez Archipelago, Chile, were immobilized with a combination of ketamine and diazepam.
Ancylostoma pluridentatum---Pathogenicity of the hookworm, Ancylostoma pluridentatum, in a Florida panther (Felis concolor coryi) kitten.
Ancylostoma pluridentatum---We evaluated clinical signs and administered anthelmintic treatment to a wild-caught, captive Florida panther (Felis concolor coryi) kitten from Big Cypress National Preserve, Florida (USA) infected with the hookworm, Ancylostoma pluridentatum.
A. pluridentatum---Following oral administration of 20 mg/kg pyrantel pamoate on Day 11, 26 A. pluridentatum were collected from the feces.
A. pluridentatum---Based on the resolution of clinical signs, cessation of egg shedding, and a return to normal hematologic values following anthelmintic treatment, we believe that infection with A. pluridentatum was the primary cause of the stressed conditions in the panther kitten.
Eimeria truncata---Renal coccidiosis caused by Eimeria truncata was isolated from all three of the goslings necropsied.
Cynictis penicillata---Prevalence of Babesia cynicti infection in three populations of yellow mongooses (Cynictis penicillata) in the Transvaal, South Africa.
Cynictis penicillata---Babesia cynicti originally was described from spleen smears of two yellow mongooses (Cynictis penicillata), the main vectors of rabies on the central plateau of South Africa.
Gazella subgutturosa---Serum samples from 324 Gazella subgutturosa marica, 202 Gazella gazella, 70 Gazella dorcas, and 12 Arabian oryx (Oryx leucoryx) were tested by the indirect hemagglutination test.
Salvelinus fontinalis---Aeromonas salmonicida was common, with concentrations as high as 10(5) to 10(7) colony-forming units per gram of mucus, and readily recovered from most mucus samples obtained from furunculosis-sensitive populations of brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis), lake trout (Salvelinus namaycush), and Atlantic salmon (Salmo salar).
A. salmonicida---By comparison, A. salmonicida was recovered only from two rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss), and bacterial frequencies did not exceed 10(3) colony-forming units per gram of mucus.
Dermatophilus congolensis---Extensive dermatitis caused by Dermatophilus congolensis was identified in two kafue lechwe (Kobus leche kafuensis) in Lochinvar National Park of Zambia.
Crotalus adamanteus---An adult Cooper's hawk (Accipiter cooperii) was found adjacent to a den containing a cotton-mouth (Agkistrodon piscivorus) and an eastern diamondback rattlesnake (Crotalus adamanteus).
Curvularia verruculosa---[Eumycotic mycetomas in horses caused by Curvularia verruculosa]The fungus Curvularia verruculosa, which produces eumycotic mycetomas, was isolated from skin of horses with granulomatous lesions on the legs.
Lagostomus maximus maximus---[Isolation of Listeria seeligery from cecum of vizcacha (Lagostomus maximus maximus)]Recent food listeriosis outbreaks confirm that more faithful isolation and identification methods for Listeria monocytogenes or other potentially pathogen microorganisms are required.
Bombina variegata---This work has mainly been done with three species from different families, Xenopus laevis, Bombina variegata and Rana esculenta.
Spodoptera exigua---In this study, the phagocytic ability of Spodoptera exigua hemocytes was compared to horse neutrophils.
P. farinosus---Neutrophils reduced the growth of P. farinosus up to 65% whereas no fungicidal activity was observed with hemocyte monolayers.
Ambystoma mexicanum---Nerve fibers are scattered throughout the spleens of adult salamanders (Taricha torosa, Notophthalmus viridescens, and Ambystoma mexicanum).
Taricha torosa---Nerve fibers are scattered throughout the spleens of adult salamanders (Taricha torosa, Notophthalmus viridescens, and Ambystoma mexicanum).
Camelus dromedarius---First report on the isolation of Brucella abortus biovar 3 from camel (Camelus dromedarius) in the Sudan.
Camelus dromedarius---Three isolates of Brucella abortus biovar 3 were recovered out of 38 different samples obtained from free-ranging camels (Camelus dromedarius) in Eastern Sudan.
B. abortus---The biochemical characters of the isolates were identical to those of the other types of B. abortus except that they were oxidase negative.
Ehrlichia ruminantium---AnimalsBacterial VaccinesEhrlichia ruminantiumHeartwater DiseaseSenegalSheepSheep DiseasesVaccines, Attenuated
S. bayanus---By genetic hybridization, molecular karyotyping and Southern hybridization with the ADC1 promoter probe three species Saccharomyces cerevisiae, S. paradoxus and S. bayanus were identified among wild Saccharomyces sensu stricto yeast in Spain.
S. paradoxus---By genetic hybridization, molecular karyotyping and Southern hybridization with the ADC1 promoter probe three species Saccharomyces cerevisiae, S. paradoxus and S. bayanus were identified among wild Saccharomyces sensu stricto yeast in Spain.
S. bayanus---Wine strains fermenting melibiose belong to the biological species S. bayanus (syn.
Dendryphiella arenaria---Most of the fungi recovered from these samples were terrestrial, although several marine species (Dendryphiella arenaria, Dendryphiella salina, Varicosporina ramulosa, Corollospora intermedia and Asteromyces cruciatus) were also isolated.
Varicosporina ramulosa---Most of the fungi recovered from these samples were terrestrial, although several marine species (Dendryphiella arenaria, Dendryphiella salina, Varicosporina ramulosa, Corollospora intermedia and Asteromyces cruciatus) were also isolated.
Fusarium oxysporum---against pathogenic species of the horticultural region of La Plata, Argentina]The antagonistic properties of seven Trichoderma species in front of the pathogens Fusarium oxysporum, F. equiseti, F. solani, Sclerotinia sclerotiorum, S. minor, Rhizoctonia sp. and Sclerotium rolfsii was evaluated in vitro.
Sclerotinia sclerotiorum---against pathogenic species of the horticultural region of La Plata, Argentina]The antagonistic properties of seven Trichoderma species in front of the pathogens Fusarium oxysporum, F. equiseti, F. solani, Sclerotinia sclerotiorum, S. minor, Rhizoctonia sp. and Sclerotium rolfsii was evaluated in vitro.
Sclerotium rolfsii---against pathogenic species of the horticultural region of La Plata, Argentina]The antagonistic properties of seven Trichoderma species in front of the pathogens Fusarium oxysporum, F. equiseti, F. solani, Sclerotinia sclerotiorum, S. minor, Rhizoctonia sp. and Sclerotium rolfsii was evaluated in vitro.
Peromyscus maniculatus---In Experiment 1, adult female deer mice (Peromyscus maniculatus) were housed in either long (LD 16:8) or short (LD 8:16) days for 8 weeks, then injected with the chemical carcinogen 9,10-dimethyl-1,2-benzanthracene (DMBA) dissolved in dimethyl sulfoxide (DMSO) or with the DMSO vehicle alone.
C. albicans---Sputum grew either Aspergillus or C. albicans or both in 19 patients.
A. fumigatus---Serum precipitins against A. fumigatus antigen was detected in all cases while culture of sputum yielded A. fumigatus in 15 (75%) cases.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---We compared the granuloma morphology and immune response of hamsters inoculated with Paracoccidioides brasiliensis (Pb) into the cheek pouch, which lacks lymphatic drainage, and into the footpad, which is rich in lymphatics.
A. nidulans---Very few reports on cases of pulmonary aspergillosis due to A. nidulans exist, and we were not able to find any reports of similar cases.
A. nidulans---This case may be the first reported case of chronic necrotizing pulmonary aspergillosis due to A. nidulans.
Taenia solium---Detection by immunoblot assay of antibodies to Taenia solium cysticerci in sera from residents of rural communities and from epileptic patients in Bali, Indonesia.
Taenia solium---Several studies from Bali have indicated the presence of Taenia solium.
Angiostrongylus cantonensis---Occurrence of the infective stage of Angiostrongylus cantonensis in the yellow tree monitor (Varanus bengalensis) in five Provinces of Thailand.
Varanus bengalensis---Occurrence of the infective stage of Angiostrongylus cantonensis in the yellow tree monitor (Varanus bengalensis) in five Provinces of Thailand.
Angiostrongylus cantonensis---Twenty-two yellow tree monitors (Varanus bengalensis) were trapped and transported from 5 provinces, namely Lampang, Phitsanulok, Kamphaeng Phet, Tak and Prachin Buri to look for the infective larvae stage of Angiostrongylus cantonensis.
Varanus bengalensis---Twenty-two yellow tree monitors (Varanus bengalensis) were trapped and transported from 5 provinces, namely Lampang, Phitsanulok, Kamphaeng Phet, Tak and Prachin Buri to look for the infective larvae stage of Angiostrongylus cantonensis.
A. cantonensis---In 4 provinces all of the yellow tree monitors were infected with the infective stage larvae of A. cantonensis altogether.
A. cantonensis---Our results of this study extend our knowledge of natural prevalence of A. cantonensis in yellow tree monitors.
Angiostrongylus cantonensis---Angiostrongylus cantonensisAnimalsDisease VectorsLarvaLizardsSnailsStrongylida InfectionsThailand
B. glabrata---As the result, S. mansoni adult worm extracts produced 8 bands both with extracts of Biomphalaria glabrata pigmentation and B. glabrata pigmentado, 3 to 4 bands with those of B. glabrata albino and 1 to 2 bands with those of B. straminea.
B. glabrata pigmentado---As the result, S. mansoni adult worm extracts produced 8 bands both with extracts of Biomphalaria glabrata pigmentation and B. glabrata pigmentado, 3 to 4 bands with those of B. glabrata albino and 1 to 2 bands with those of B. straminea.
Biomphalaria glabrata---As the result, S. mansoni adult worm extracts produced 8 bands both with extracts of Biomphalaria glabrata pigmentation and B. glabrata pigmentado, 3 to 4 bands with those of B. glabrata albino and 1 to 2 bands with those of B. straminea.
B. glabrata---On the other hand, S. mansoni egg extracts produced 5 bands with extracts of B. glabrata pigmentation, 4 bands with those of B. glabrata pigmentado, 2 bands with those of B. glabrata albino and 1 band with those of B. straminea.
B. glabrata pigmentado---On the other hand, S. mansoni egg extracts produced 5 bands with extracts of B. glabrata pigmentation, 4 bands with those of B. glabrata pigmentado, 2 bands with those of B. glabrata albino and 1 band with those of B. straminea.
B. glabrata---In the experimental infection of adult Biomphalaria snails with five S. mansoni miracidia, the infection rate in B. glabrata pigmentation was 78.8%, and 71.2% in B. glabrata pigmentado, whereas the infection rate in B. glabrata albino was 10.3%, and B. straminea was not susceptible to S. mansoni.
B. glabrata pigmentado---In the experimental infection of adult Biomphalaria snails with five S. mansoni miracidia, the infection rate in B. glabrata pigmentation was 78.8%, and 71.2% in B. glabrata pigmentado, whereas the infection rate in B. glabrata albino was 10.3%, and B. straminea was not susceptible to S. mansoni.
Aedes albopictus---Breeding of Aedes aegypti (L.) and Aedes albopictus (Skuse) in urban housing of Sibu town, Sarawak.
Aedes albopictus---Aedes albopictus larvae were found in all areas surveyed while Aedes aegypti larvae were present in 10 localities and 4 vacant lands.
Taenia solium---[Relations between pathology and immunity in cysticercosis]Human Taenia solium cysticercosis is identified as a main Public Health problem in many developing countries, such as Mexico, India or Madagascar.
S. haematobium---[Experimental study of a Malagasy strain of Schistosoma haematobium: compatibility with different Bulinus snails, potential intermediate hosts]Experimental investigation on a malagasy strain of S. haematobium: compatibility with different Bulinus snails, potential intermediate hosts.
Schistosoma haematobium---[Experimental study of a Malagasy strain of Schistosoma haematobium: compatibility with different Bulinus snails, potential intermediate hosts]Experimental investigation on a malagasy strain of S. haematobium: compatibility with different Bulinus snails, potential intermediate hosts.
S. haematobium---A comparative experimental study of the infectivity of different Bulinus snails by a reference S. haematobium strain was made under laboratory conditions.
Ambystoma mexicanum---Immunofluorescent confocal analysis of tropomyosin in developing hearts of normal and cardiac mutant axolotls, Ambystoma mexicanum.
Ambystoma mexicanum---In the cardiac mutant axolotl, Ambystoma mexicanum, heart development is arrested.
Ambystoma mexicanum---Ambystoma mexicanumAnimalsFluorescent Antibody TechniqueHeartMicroscopy, ConfocalMutationMyocardiumTropomyosin
P. waltlii---An immunohistochemical analysis was then carried out on frozen sections of the dorsalis trunci of P. waltlii at different stages of development.
Aureobasidium pullulans---Studies on the condition of fermentation of pullulan by Aureobasidium pullulans.
Scopulariopsis brevicaulis---[Scopulariopsis brevicaulis otomycosis after tympanoplasty]We report a case of otomycosis due to Scopulariopsis brevicaulis in a patient who has undergone tympanoplasty 3 months before.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---[Infectious endocarditis induced by Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---8 new cases]A commensal organism of the buccal cavity, Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans (AAC) has been responsible for at least four new cases of infectious endocarditis by year in France.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus InfectionsActinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAdolescentAdultAgedChildEndocarditis, BacterialFemaleHumansMaleMiddle AgedMouth MucosaPrognosisRetrospective StudiesTime FactorsTooth Diseases
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---Fibrosis patterns of lesions developed by athymic and euthymic mice infected with Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---Athymic and euthymic mice with BALB/c background were used to study the patterns of fibrosis during ip infection with a virulent isolate of Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---Characterization of glycoprotein gp43, the major laminin-binding protein of Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
P. brasiliensis---We have demonstrated that laminin mediates the adhesion of P. brasiliensis to monolayers of epithelial cells through specific binding to the surface glycoprotein gp43.
Arthroderma curreyi---The examined soil samples were characterized by the predominance of Botryotrichum piluliferum, Chrysosporium anamorph of Arthroderma curreyi, Myceliophthora anamorph of Ctenomyces serratus, Chrysosporium pannicola and Trichphyton ajelloi.
Chrysosporium keratinophilum---In badly polluted sediments, Chrysosporium pannicola, Chrysosporium anamorph of Aphanoascus fulvescens, Chrysosporium keratinophilum, Trichophyton ajelloi and Microsporum cookei were prevalent species.
Aureobasidium pullulans---Some pathogenic species, such as Aspergillus flavus, Aureobasidium pullulans, Chrysporium anamorph of Aphanoascus fulvescens, Candida spp., Geotrichum candidum, Microsporum canis, Sporothrix schenckii and Trichosporon beigelii, were recovered in the present study.
Autographa californica---Recombination between genetically modified and unmodified Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus in Trichoplusia ni larvae.
Autographa californica---Trichoplusia ni larvae have been injected with a mixture of wild-type Autographa californica multiple nuclear polyhedrosis virus (AcMNPV) and a mutant derivative, AcRP8.UW1.lacZ, which lacks the polyhedrin gene, and has the p10 gene replaced by the Escherichia coli beta-galactosidase gene.
R. prowazekii---Analysis was performed by using one genus-specific primer pair derived from R. prowazekii citrate synthase gene and two species-specific primer pairs derived from R. rickettsii genes for 190 K and 120 K antigens following AluI, PstI and RsaI digestion of amplicons.
Coxiella burnetii---Protective immunity induced by 67 K outer membrane protein of phase I Coxiella burnetii in mice and guinea pigs.
Coxiella burnetii---A 67 K outer membrane protein (OMP) isolated from phase I Coxiella burnetii QiYi strain was purified with monoclonal antibodies (MoAb) coupled to CNBr-Sepharose 4B.
C. burnetii---The immunogenicity and protectivity of the 67 K protein against C. burnetii was evaluated in mice and guinea pigs by in vitro lymphocyte proliferation assay, delayed-type skin test, antibody conversion rate, and immunization and challenge tests.
C. burnetii---Moreover, 100% of mice and guinea pigs inoculated with the 67 K protein were protected against a challenge with 10(3) ID50 virulent C. burnetii.
Coxiella burnetii---AnimalsAntibodies, BacterialBacterial Outer Membrane ProteinsBacterial VaccinesCoxiella burnetiiFemaleGuinea PigsHypersensitivity, DelayedImmunityLymphocytesMiceMice, Inbred BALB CQ Fever
Coxiella burnetii---Immunogenicity of Coxiella burnetii whole cells and their outer membrane components.
Coxiella burnetii---The immunogenicity and protective efficacy of the phase I and phase II Coxiella burnetii whole cells (Cb I and Cb II) and their outer membrane components (OMC), i.e.
Coxiella burnetii---AnimalsAntibodies, BacterialBacterial Outer Membrane ProteinsBacterial VaccinesCoxiella burnetiiFemaleLipopolysaccharidesLymphocyte ActivationLymphocytesMiceMice, Inbred BALB CQ Fever
C. albicans---Comparative ability of various prescription and over-the-counter topical antifungal drug products to inhibit the growth of C. albicans.
C. albicans---Currently, the nine products tested are labeled as antifungal because of their ability to inhibit the growth of yeast (C. albicans) in vitro.
C. albicans---Over-the-counter products containing 2% miconazole nitrate--an ingredient and concentration identified as safe and effective--were found to inhibit the growth of C. albicans as effectively as mycostatin cream.
C. albicans---Two percent miconazole nitrate was also inhibitory to C. albicans at greater dilutions than five other antifungal products containing chloroxylenol and clotri mazole.
Lampetra fluviatilis---Effect of metabolic inhibitors on K+ transport across the lamprey (Lampetra fluviatilis) erythrocyte membrane.
Spinacia oleracea---ChloroplastsCopperElectron Spin Resonance SpectroscopyMolecular StructureOrganometallic CompoundsOxygenPhotosynthesisSpectrometry, FluorescenceSpinacia oleraceaStructure-Activity Relationship
P. paniscus---In an effort to understand factors underlying differences in the social organization of Pan troglodytes and P. paniscus, we measured the nearest neighbor distances and choices for chimpanzees in Kibale National Park, Uganda, and for bonobos in Lomako Forest, Zaire.
Lasiospermum bipinnatum---Pulmonary and hepatic lesions associated with suspected ganskweek (Lasiospermum bipinnatum) poisoning in cattle.
Lasiospermum bipinnatum---A field outbreak of poisoning of cattle by ganskweek (Lasiospermum bipinnatum [Thunb.
B. canis---The remainder of the review explores the possibility that pathophysiological mechanisms currently being investigated in human malaria and bovine babesiosis (in which, as in canine babesiosis, an intra-erythrocytic parasite causes multi-systemic pathology) might also be active in B. canis infections.
Parascaris equorum---Nematode eggs recovered included those of Parascaris equorum, Strongyloides and predominantly, strongyles.
B. afzelii---Use of polymerase chain reaction and specific monoclonal antibodies as rapid method to recognize Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto, B. garinii and B. afzelii among Italian isolates of B. burgdorferi.
B. garinii---Use of polymerase chain reaction and specific monoclonal antibodies as rapid method to recognize Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto, B. garinii and B. afzelii among Italian isolates of B. burgdorferi.
B. afzelii---(1993) Microbiologica 16:323-332] into three genetic groups which, according to the reference strains used, should correspond to the three species so far described as B. burgdorferi sensu stricto, B. garinii and B. afzelii.
B. garinii---(1993) Microbiologica 16:323-332] into three genetic groups which, according to the reference strains used, should correspond to the three species so far described as B. burgdorferi sensu stricto, B. garinii and B. afzelii.
B. afzelii---The PCR results confirmed those obtained previously by identifying the three groups as B. burgdorferi sensu stricto, B. garinii and B. afzelii; the reactivity patterns obtained with the monoclonal antibodies (mAb) also corresponded to those described as typical of the three species.
B. garinii---The PCR results confirmed those obtained previously by identifying the three groups as B. burgdorferi sensu stricto, B. garinii and B. afzelii; the reactivity patterns obtained with the monoclonal antibodies (mAb) also corresponded to those described as typical of the three species.
B. afzelii---All strains classified as B. burgdorferi sensu stricto and B. afzelii could be unequivocally identified as one distinct group by all five typing methods.
B. garinii---B. garinii isolates, however, were more heterogeneous and according to RFLP of the CA and ospA gene fell into either two or three subgroups.
B. afzelii---B. afzelii strains were found to predominate in 11 skin isolates (75%), whereas all 6 cerebrospinal fluid isolates from patients with neuroborreliosis were B. garinii.
B. garinii---B. afzelii strains were found to predominate in 11 skin isolates (75%), whereas all 6 cerebrospinal fluid isolates from patients with neuroborreliosis were B. garinii.
Spinitectus macilentus---in Group A have fewer than 20 spines in the first row and the group contains Spinitectus mormyri Campana-Rouget, 1961, Spinitectus thurstonae Ogden, 1967 and Spinitectus micropectus n. sp. Those in Group B have between 20 and 40 spines in the first row and comprise the species S. allaeri, Spinitectus menzalei Hugot, 1979, Spinitectus maleficius n. sp., Spinitectus macilentus n. sp., Spinitectus minusculus n. sp., Spinitectus macherius n. sp., Spinitectus mucronatus n. sp. and Spinitectus moraveci n. sp. Group C species have more than 45 spines in the first row and consist of Spinitectus polli Campana-Rouget, 1961, Spinitectus petterae Boomker, 1993, Spinitectus zambezensis Boomker, 1993, and Spinitectus monstrosus n. sp.
Spinitectus mucronatus---in Group A have fewer than 20 spines in the first row and the group contains Spinitectus mormyri Campana-Rouget, 1961, Spinitectus thurstonae Ogden, 1967 and Spinitectus micropectus n. sp. Those in Group B have between 20 and 40 spines in the first row and comprise the species S. allaeri, Spinitectus menzalei Hugot, 1979, Spinitectus maleficius n. sp., Spinitectus macilentus n. sp., Spinitectus minusculus n. sp., Spinitectus macherius n. sp., Spinitectus mucronatus n. sp. and Spinitectus moraveci n. sp. Group C species have more than 45 spines in the first row and consist of Spinitectus polli Campana-Rouget, 1961, Spinitectus petterae Boomker, 1993, Spinitectus zambezensis Boomker, 1993, and Spinitectus monstrosus n. sp.
Spinitectus zambezensis---in Group A have fewer than 20 spines in the first row and the group contains Spinitectus mormyri Campana-Rouget, 1961, Spinitectus thurstonae Ogden, 1967 and Spinitectus micropectus n. sp. Those in Group B have between 20 and 40 spines in the first row and comprise the species S. allaeri, Spinitectus menzalei Hugot, 1979, Spinitectus maleficius n. sp., Spinitectus macilentus n. sp., Spinitectus minusculus n. sp., Spinitectus macherius n. sp., Spinitectus mucronatus n. sp. and Spinitectus moraveci n. sp. Group C species have more than 45 spines in the first row and consist of Spinitectus polli Campana-Rouget, 1961, Spinitectus petterae Boomker, 1993, Spinitectus zambezensis Boomker, 1993, and Spinitectus monstrosus n. sp.
S. mucronatus---The species that are quite distinctive are S. mucronatus, which has characteristic spinulation and lateral floats on the eggs; S. monstrosus, which has characteristic spinulation and an exceptionally long left spicule; S. micropectus, which has approximately 80 rows of large spines and six post-cloacal papillae and S. maleficius, that has approximately 20 rows of large spines and seven post-cloacal papillae.
C. kanagai---The species are Culicoides tororoensis Khamala &amp; Kettle, 1971; C. kanagai Khamala &amp; Kettle, 1971; C. loxodontis Meiswinkel, 1992, and two undescribed species, i.e.
C. loxodontis---The species are Culicoides tororoensis Khamala &amp; Kettle, 1971; C. kanagai Khamala &amp; Kettle, 1971; C. loxodontis Meiswinkel, 1992, and two undescribed species, i.e.
C. imicola---Of the remaining 16 species (7%) captured in light traps 15 (6%) belong to that sector of the genus Culicoides whose immature stages develop in groundwater habitats and include C. imicola, which comprised only 2% of the light-trap collections.
F. cordata subsp---The second outbreak resulted in the death of 12 heifers within 48 h of ingestion of the leaves of F. cordata subsp.
F. cordata subsp---ingens and two cattle, one of which had died during the second outbreak and the steer drenched with F. cordata subsp.
B. marequensis---larvae were recovered from one O. mossambicus, 40 Chetia flaviventris, three Cyprinus carpio, one B. marequensis and five B. mattozi, Rhabdochona esseniae from five B. marequensis, Rhabdochona spp.
B. mattozi---larvae were recovered from one O. mossambicus, 40 Chetia flaviventris, three Cyprinus carpio, one B. marequensis and five B. mattozi, Rhabdochona esseniae from five B. marequensis, Rhabdochona spp.
O. mossambicus---larvae were recovered from one O. mossambicus, 40 Chetia flaviventris, three Cyprinus carpio, one B. marequensis and five B. mattozi, Rhabdochona esseniae from five B. marequensis, Rhabdochona spp.
O. mossambicus---from one O. mossambicus and four Cyprinus carpio, and unidentified nematode larvae from two O. mossambicus, three Chetia flaviventris, two Cyprinus carpio and from the single T. sparrmani.
Streptopelia semitorquata---An infection of this parasite was also found in a single Streptopelia capicola and a single Streptopelia semitorquata.
Francolinus natalensis---Two trypanosomes seen in the francolin, Francolinus natalensis, were identified as Trypanosoma calmettei Mathis &amp; Lger, 1909.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Amniotic FluidAnti-Bacterial AgentsChlamydia trachomatisChorioamnionitisFemaleHumansMycoplasmaNeisseria gonorrhoeaePolandPregnancyPregnancy Complications, InfectiousStreptococcusUreaplasma urealyticum
Gardnerella vaginalis---Amniotic FluidCandida albicansChlamydia trachomatisChorioamnionitisFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHumansNeisseria gonorrhoeaePregnancyPregnancy Complications, InfectiousSimplexvirusUreaplasma urealyticum
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Amniotic FluidCandida albicansChlamydia trachomatisChorioamnionitisFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHumansNeisseria gonorrhoeaePregnancyPregnancy Complications, InfectiousSimplexvirusUreaplasma urealyticum
D. reticulatus---I. ricinus (n191) and D. reticulatus (n48), as well as 24 Argas reflexus collected from Katowice, Kornie, Szcyglice, Urwitat and Zwierzyniec, were examined for the presence of Borrelia spirochetes by the indirect immunofluorescent antibody test (IFA).
A. reflexus---In addition, 2 out of 72 I. ricinus larvae (2.7%) were heavily infected, whereas none of the D. reticulatus and A. reflexus contained Borrelia.
D. reticulatus---In addition, 2 out of 72 I. ricinus larvae (2.7%) were heavily infected, whereas none of the D. reticulatus and A. reflexus contained Borrelia.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Data on the tissue-specific expression of two monosaccharide transporters from Arabidopsis thaliana will be presented and possible glycosylation of the proteins is discussed.
Arabidopsis thaliana---A H+/hexose cotransporter (STP1) from Arabidopsis thaliana has been successfully expressed in oocytes and further characterization has shown the transporter to have properties similar to the same transporter expressed in yeast.
Arabidopsis thaliana---The three major isoforms of Arabidopsis thaliana plasma membrane H(+)-ATPase have been expressed in a functional form in yeast internal membranes.
B. bronchiseptica---The B. bronchiseptica strains were cultivated at 37 degrees C for 48 h. The influence of different MgSO4 concentrations after five passages (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 50, 100 mM/ml and low (20 degrees C) and high (42 degrees C) temperatures on antigenic modulation was investigated on Bordet-Gengou (B-G) agar.
B. bronchiseptica---B. bronchiseptica colonies were characterized in relation to morphology, haemolysis, slide agglutination with B. bronchiseptica phase-I polyclonal antibodies, haemagglutination with horse and calf erythrocytes and polypeptide and LPS patterns in SDS-PAGE.
B. bronchiseptica---Cultivation of B. bronchiseptica phase-I on B-G agar and ACMM agar at 37 degrees C for 48 h resulted in strong phase-I antigenic patterns, and, on peptone-rich media, in antigenic modulation.
B. bronchiseptica---The morphology of B. bronchiseptica phase-I-strain colonies on peptone media was different from that of B-G and ACMM agar.
Phasianus colchicus---Isolation of the pigeon PMV-1 variant of Newcastle disease virus from imported pheasants (Phasianus colchicus).
L. flavus---Antivimentin, anti-dipeptidyl-peptidase-IV (gp 108) and monoclonal antibody 5-1-6 antibodies and Limax flavus lectin bound to visceral GECs, anticytokeratin antibody and antibody against common acute lymphocytic leukemia antigen bound to parietal GECs, and anti-SGE1 cell membrane and monoclonal antibody PHM 5 antibodies bound to both visceral GECs and parietal GECs in normal rat kidney sections, and all of these antibodies and L. flavus lectin consistently bound to SGE1 cells in culture.
O. columbianum---The oral formulation on the other hand was equally effective against a third larval stage challenge of G. pachysce1is at 28 d post-treatment and more than 60% effective in more than 60% of treated sheep against a third larval stage challenge at 28 d post-treatment of H. contortus, T. circumcincta and O. columbianum.
T. circumcincta---The oral formulation on the other hand was equally effective against a third larval stage challenge of G. pachysce1is at 28 d post-treatment and more than 60% effective in more than 60% of treated sheep against a third larval stage challenge at 28 d post-treatment of H. contortus, T. circumcincta and O. columbianum.
Xylohypha bantiana---Systemic phaeohyphomycosis caused by Xylohypha bantiana in a dog.
Xylohypha bantiana---Cultures of various organs yielded a fungal organism identified as Xylohypha bantiana.
M. kansasii---Of the patients with M. kansasii, 92.7% were male, the average age was 53 years, and only 32.5% of the patients had other diseases.
P. mirabilis---[Evaluation of the usefulness of standard strains sets from the senior collection for typing Proteus mirabilis strains]The object of our study constituted 651 P. mirabilis strains, isolated from samples of clinical material, which were typed by the standard strain set from the B.W.
P. mirabilis---Susceptibility of P. mirabilis strains to given proticine slightly differed in separate groups of clinical material.
P. mirabilis---P. mirabilis strains produced one or several proticine and were also susceptible to one or several of them.
P. mirabilis---In the case of mixed infections no correlation was established between the P/S P. mirabilis type and the occurrence of accompanying microorganisms.
P. mirabilis---The discussed method of typing P. mirabilis strains by the standard strain set from the B.W.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---AdultDiagnosis, DifferentialFemaleHumansLeukocytes, MononuclearMaleRecurrenceSyndromeYersinia InfectionsYersinia pseudotuberculosis Infections
Lacandonia schismatica---Cytochemical and immunocytochemical study of nuclear structures of Lacandonia schismatica.
Lacandonia schismatica---The interphase nucleus of the cells of several tissues of Lacandonia schismatica was studied using electron microscopy cytochemical and immunocytochemical methods.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---The purpose of this study was to determine the prevalence and sex ratio of localized juvenile periodontitis (LJP) cases in a selected Saudi population, to compare these values with different societies, and to correlate the sex ratio with the presence of Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans in the afflicted sites.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---No statistically significant difference in the sex ratio association regarding the sites afflicted by Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans was found.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAdolescentAdultAggressive PeriodontitisChi-Square DistributionFemaleHumansMalePrevalenceRetrospective StudiesSaudi ArabiaSex Ratio
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Subjects with high mean subgingival temperatures had significantly higher mean percentages of Prevotella intermedia and Fusobacterium nucleatum than age-matched RES rats.
F. nucleatum---The results show that dental plaque, including specific bacteria P. intermedia and F. nucleatum, can play some role in causing the elevated temperatures.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Age FactorsAnalysis of VarianceAnimalsBody TemperatureDental PlaqueDental Plaque IndexFemaleFusobacterium nucleatumGingivaGingivitisMalePeriodontal IndexPrevotella intermediaRatsRats, Inbred WKYRegression Analysis
Histoplasma capsulatum---This organism has to be distinguished from Histoplasma capsulatum and other yeast-form fungi.
P. carinii---Co-existing cytomegalovirus and P. carinii infections were the predominant findings in lung necropsy specimens from pediatric patients who died from AIDS.
Lactobacillus fermentum---Butyrivibrio fibrisolvens was somewhat more sensitive to external lactate than Streptococcus bovis, Lactobacillus fermentum and Selenomonas ruminantium.
Macropus fuliginosus---The effects of bromocriptine on lactation and subsequent reproduction in grey kangaroos, Macropus fuliginosus and Macropus giganteus.
Macropus giganteus---The effects of bromocriptine on lactation and subsequent reproduction in grey kangaroos, Macropus fuliginosus and Macropus giganteus.
Macropus fuliginosus---In Experiment 1, 11 lactating western grey kangaroos (Macropus fuliginosus) received injections either of saline (n = 2) or of bromocriptine at dose rates of 0.2, 1.0 or 5.0 mg kg-1 bodyweight (n = 3 per dose).
M. giganteus---In Experiment 2, lactating western (n = 12) and eastern grey kangaroos (M. giganteus) (n = 14) received a single intramuscular injection of saline or approximately 2 mg kg-1 or 4 mg kg-1 Parlodel LA (a long-acting form of bromocriptine) and their young were weighed.
Amblyomma hebraeum---Two species of bont ticks, Amblyomma hebraeum and Amblyomma variegatum, common to Africa were studied to compare types and quantities of compounds known or believed to serve as components of the attraction-aggregation-attachment pheromone (AAAP).
Amblyomma variegatum---Two species of bont ticks, Amblyomma hebraeum and Amblyomma variegatum, common to Africa were studied to compare types and quantities of compounds known or believed to serve as components of the attraction-aggregation-attachment pheromone (AAAP).
B. annulatus---The reproductive biology and nonparasitic development of Boophilus microplus (Canestrini) and hybridized Boophilus ticks (B. annulatus (Say) male x B. microplus female) held under natural field conditions in south Texas throughout the year were compared.
B. microplus---The reproductive biology and nonparasitic development of Boophilus microplus (Canestrini) and hybridized Boophilus ticks (B. annulatus (Say) male x B. microplus female) held under natural field conditions in south Texas throughout the year were compared.
B. microplus---Comparisons between the two types of ticks indicated that the ovipositional biology (percentage of ovipositing females and number of eggs laid) of the females favored hybrid ticks during some months and B. microplus ticks during other months.
B. microplus---However, on a year long basis, there was virtually no difference in the percentage of ovipositing females or in the number of eggs deposited by hybrid females as compared to B. microplus.
B. microplus---On the other hand, egg hatchability of hybrid ticks was consistently lower than pure-strain B. microplus throughout the year with significantly lower hatch rates occurring in April, July, August, October, and November.
B. microplus---Thus, results obtained on percentage of ovipositing females, number of eggs laid, preoviposition period, incubation period of eggs, and larval longevity provide encouragement for the possible use of sterile hybrid males as a means of eliminating a native B. microplus population.
B. microplus---In contrast, results of the egg hatchability of the two types of ticks indicate that the selective advantage afforded to B. microplus could have an adverse affect on the success of a sterile hybrid male program by making the number of hybrid ticks necessary to eliminate a native population prohibitively high.
Hyalomma dromedarii---Cholesteryl esters on the body surfaces of the camel tick, Hyalomma dromedarii (Koch, 1844) and the brown dog tick, Rhipicephalus sanguineus (Latreille, 1806).
Rhipicephalus sanguineus---Cholesteryl esters on the body surfaces of the camel tick, Hyalomma dromedarii (Koch, 1844) and the brown dog tick, Rhipicephalus sanguineus (Latreille, 1806).
Hyalomma dromedarii---Cholesteryl esters were found to constitute a major component of the lipids coating the body cuticle of females of the camel tick, Hyalomma dromedarii and the brown dog tick, Rhipicephalus sanguineus.
Rhipicephalus sanguineus---Cholesteryl esters were found to constitute a major component of the lipids coating the body cuticle of females of the camel tick, Hyalomma dromedarii and the brown dog tick, Rhipicephalus sanguineus.
H. dromedarii---Analysis using HPLC demonstrated significant quantities of the following compounds, tentatively identified as cholesteryl esters (expressed in micrograms per female equivalent), in H. dromedarii: Cholesteryl acetate 18.2; cholesteryl laurate, 6.8; cholesteryl linoleate, 24.8; cholesteryl oleate, 12.9; cholesteryl palmitate, 0.3; and cholesteryl stearate 1.7.
R. sanguineus---In contrast, the same method revealed only 3 cholesteryl esters in extracts of females of R. sanguineus: Cholesteryl acetate, 2.0; cholesteryl linoleate, 8.5; and cholesteryl oleate, 3.0.
H. dromedarii---Identification of the cholesteryl esters was confirmed: by (1) positive bioassay results with conspecific (H. dromedarii) males and heterospecific (Dermacentor variabilis) males; (2) similarity of ultraviolet spectra between identified sample peaks and authentic standards; and (3) demonstration of cholesterol and the corresponding free fatty acid following enzymatic digestion of each of the HPLC-separated fractions containing the different cholesteryl esters.
Rhipicephalus appendiculatus---Immunisation of rabbits against the brown ear tick, Rhipicephalus appendiculatus using tick haemolymph.
Rhipicephalus appendiculatus---Tick naive rabbits were immunised with haemolymph components from partially fed Rhipicephalus appendiculatus adult ticks and subsequently challenged with all the developmental instars of the tick.
Rhipicephalus appendiculatus---Re challenging the resistant experimental rabbits with all the developmental instar stages of Rhipicephalus appendiculatus showed that resistance was maintained in subsequent infestations.
M. occidentalis---M. occidentalis females were microinjected with plasmid DNA at three different concentrations (250, 500, 750 ng microL-1) and allowed to deposit one to five eggs before the females and their last eggs were analyzed.
Rhipicephalus appendiculatus---Evidence for a mounting sex pheromone in the brown ear tick Rhipicephalus appendiculatus, Neuman 1901 (Acari: Ixodidae).
Rhipicephalus appeniculatus---The presence of a mounting sex pheromone was demonstrated on the surface of fed female Rhipicephalus appeniculatus.
A. variegatum---Factors affecting the distributions of the ticks Amblyomma hebraeum and A. variegatum in Zimbabwe: implications of reduced acaricide usage.
Amblyomma hebraeum---Factors affecting the distributions of the ticks Amblyomma hebraeum and A. variegatum in Zimbabwe: implications of reduced acaricide usage.
A. variegatum---The ticks Amblyomma hebraeum and A. variegatum are the main vectors of heartwater, a disease of ruminants caused by Cowdria ruminantium, in the agricultural areas of Zimbabwe.
Amblyomma hebraeum---The ticks Amblyomma hebraeum and A. variegatum are the main vectors of heartwater, a disease of ruminants caused by Cowdria ruminantium, in the agricultural areas of Zimbabwe.
A. hebraeum---At present, A. hebraeum is widely distributed in the dry southern lowveld, and occurs in at least seven foci in the higher rainfall highveld.
Amblyomma variegatum---Amblyomma variegatum occurs in the Zambezi valley and surrounding dry lowveld areas in the northwest.
A. hebraeum---The distribution of A. hebraeum has changed considerably over the past 70 years, while that of A. variegatum appears to have remained fairly static.
A. variegatum---The distribution of A. hebraeum has changed considerably over the past 70 years, while that of A. variegatum appears to have remained fairly static.
A. hebraeum---Eradication of A. hebraeum and A. variegatum by intensive acaricide treatment of cattle can be achieved in the absence of significant numbers of alternative hosts, because of the long attachment and feeding periods of the adults of these tick species.
A. variegatum---Eradication of A. hebraeum and A. variegatum by intensive acaricide treatment of cattle can be achieved in the absence of significant numbers of alternative hosts, because of the long attachment and feeding periods of the adults of these tick species.
A. variegatum---Amblyomma hebraeum is more likely to spread than A. variegatum, because its adults parasitize a wider range of wildlife hosts (warthogs, medium to large-sized antelope, giraffe, buffalo and rhinoceros), whereas adults of A. variegatum appear to be largely restricted to one wildlife species (buffalo) in Zimbabwe, the distribution of which is now confined to very limited areas of the country, as part of foot and mouth disease control measures.
Amblyomma hebraeum---Amblyomma hebraeum is more likely to spread than A. variegatum, because its adults parasitize a wider range of wildlife hosts (warthogs, medium to large-sized antelope, giraffe, buffalo and rhinoceros), whereas adults of A. variegatum appear to be largely restricted to one wildlife species (buffalo) in Zimbabwe, the distribution of which is now confined to very limited areas of the country, as part of foot and mouth disease control measures.
Erinaceus europaeus---Acquisition of Borrelia burgdorferi by Ixodes ricinus ticks fed on the European hedgehog, Erinaceus europaeus L.A hedgehog, Erinaceus europaeus, was found to be heavily infested with larval and nymphal Ixodes ricinus in a forest park in Co. Galway, Ireland.
Amblyomma hebraeum---The abundance of adults and nymphs of the brown ear-tick Rhipicephalus appendiculatus and larvae of the bont tick Amblyomma hebraeum was positively correlated with monthly rainfall, whereas no relationship with rainfall was revealed for larval R. appendiculatus, adults of the red-legged tick R. evertsi, or larvae of the blue tick Boophilus decoloratus.
Boophilus decoloratus---The abundance of adults and nymphs of the brown ear-tick Rhipicephalus appendiculatus and larvae of the bont tick Amblyomma hebraeum was positively correlated with monthly rainfall, whereas no relationship with rainfall was revealed for larval R. appendiculatus, adults of the red-legged tick R. evertsi, or larvae of the blue tick Boophilus decoloratus.
R. appendiculatus---The abundance of adults and nymphs of the brown ear-tick Rhipicephalus appendiculatus and larvae of the bont tick Amblyomma hebraeum was positively correlated with monthly rainfall, whereas no relationship with rainfall was revealed for larval R. appendiculatus, adults of the red-legged tick R. evertsi, or larvae of the blue tick Boophilus decoloratus.
Rhipicephalus appendiculatus---The abundance of adults and nymphs of the brown ear-tick Rhipicephalus appendiculatus and larvae of the bont tick Amblyomma hebraeum was positively correlated with monthly rainfall, whereas no relationship with rainfall was revealed for larval R. appendiculatus, adults of the red-legged tick R. evertsi, or larvae of the blue tick Boophilus decoloratus.
A. hebraeum---A comparison between 1991 (490 mm rainfall) and the drought year of 1992 (161 mm) revealed significant differences in the abundance of R. appendiculatus, A. hebraeum, and B. decoloratus.
B. decoloratus---A comparison between 1991 (490 mm rainfall) and the drought year of 1992 (161 mm) revealed significant differences in the abundance of R. appendiculatus, A. hebraeum, and B. decoloratus.
R. appendiculatus---A comparison between 1991 (490 mm rainfall) and the drought year of 1992 (161 mm) revealed significant differences in the abundance of R. appendiculatus, A. hebraeum, and B. decoloratus.
R. appendiculatus---During the wet season, R. appendiculatus adults were 2-3 times more numerous in the environment during the higher rainfall year of 1991.
A. hebraeum---A. hebraeum larval abundance exhibited a similar pattern to that of R. appendiculatus adults, but B. decoloratus larvae were more abundant in the drought year of 1992 during both the wet and dry seasons.
B. decoloratus---A. hebraeum larval abundance exhibited a similar pattern to that of R. appendiculatus adults, but B. decoloratus larvae were more abundant in the drought year of 1992 during both the wet and dry seasons.
R. appendiculatus---A. hebraeum larval abundance exhibited a similar pattern to that of R. appendiculatus adults, but B. decoloratus larvae were more abundant in the drought year of 1992 during both the wet and dry seasons.
R. appendiculatus---In grassland sand habitat and all habitats combined R. appendiculatus adults, nymphs, and larvae were much more abundant during the high rainfall years.
B. decoloratus---In contrast, larvae of B. decoloratus were more numerous during the drier years.
R. appendiculatus---The strong positive correlation of adult R. appendiculatus abundance with rainfall and the coincidence of increased adult tick challenge with increased rainfall indicate that adult R. appendiculatus tick burden on hosts would be heaviest during the wet season and high rainfall years.
B. garinii---Serotyping using monoclonal antibodies against outer surface proteins A and C indicated that both isolated belonged to genospecies B. garinii, and this was confirmed by DraI restriction analysis of the variable DNA sequence between the 5S and 23S rRNA genes.
Amblyomma limbatum---In South Australia the two tick species Amblyomma limbatum and Aponomma hydrosauri share the same common reptile host species, but have allopatric distributions which abut along a narrow parapatric boundary.
Amblyomma limbatum---However, Amblyomma limbatum in the pens had a shorter season of reproductive activity, and achieved much smaller numbers of reproductive females.
Procamallanus diacanthum---Procamallanus diacanthum n. sp. (Nematoda: Camallanidae) from the intestine of marine fish Johnius diacanthus (Lacpde), India.
Procamallanus diacanthum---Procamallanus diacanthum.
Sulfolobus solfataricus---Solution structure and DNA-binding properties of a thermostable protein from the archaeon Sulfolobus solfataricus.
Sulfolobus solfataricus---The archaeon Sulfolobus solfataricus expresses large amounts of a small basic protein, Sso7d, which was previously identified as a DNA-binding protein possibly involved in compaction of DNA.
Arabidopsis thaliana---The three-dimensional structure of a TATA box-binding protein (TBP2) from Arabidopsis thaliana has been refined at 2.1 A resolution.
Arabidopsis thaliana---The three-dimensional structure of a TATA box-binding protein (TBP) from Arabidopsis thaliana complexed with a fourteen base pair oligonucleotide bearing the Adenovirus major late promoter TATA element has been refined at 1.9 A resolution, giving a final crystallographic R-factor of 19.4%.
Coxiella burnetii---Streptococci were frequent agent both in medical and late prosthetic valves IE (55%): however, a wide pattern of microorganisms, including &quot;unusual&quot; pathogens like nutritionally variant Streptococci, Haemophylus parainfluenzae, Haemophylus paraphrophylus, Coxiella burnetii and the so-called &quot;non pathogen microorganisms&quot; (e.g.
P. carinii---P. carinii pneumonia also occurs in up to 85% of patients with acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS), in many of whom it is the first manifestation of the disease.
P. carinii---This article discusses the prevention and treatment of P. carinii pneumonia in adults infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV).
P. perniciosus---P. perniciosus, P. perfiliewi and S. minuta have been reported in almost all the regions samples, P. major only in 3 regions of South Italy (Apulia, Calabria and Sicily), P. mascitti in 4 regions of Central Italy (Tuscany, Latium, Abruzzo, Molise) and in Campania, P. papatasi in 6 regions without any definite geographical distribution.
P. perniciosus---From the analysis of sticky trap captures P. perniciosus seems to be the prevalent species in the domestic habitat (65.6%) even if present in the sylvatic one (21.8%).
P. perniciosus---The report of P. perniciosus in both situations might indicate the ability of the species to colonize a large range of habitats.
Lavandula angustifolia---Lavandula angustifolia Miller essential oil and some of its main constituents, i.e.
H. punctata---Observations on their distribution and pathogenic role]The following 13 species of ticks, belonging to Ixodidae family, were recorded in Italy on horse (Equus caballus) since 1931: Ixodes ricinus, I. gibbosus, Haemaphysalis inermis, H. parva, H. punctata, H. sulcata, Dermacentor marginatus, Rhipicephalus sanguineus, Rh.
H. sulcata---Observations on their distribution and pathogenic role]The following 13 species of ticks, belonging to Ixodidae family, were recorded in Italy on horse (Equus caballus) since 1931: Ixodes ricinus, I. gibbosus, Haemaphysalis inermis, H. parva, H. punctata, H. sulcata, Dermacentor marginatus, Rhipicephalus sanguineus, Rh.
Rhipicephalus sanguineus---Observations on their distribution and pathogenic role]The following 13 species of ticks, belonging to Ixodidae family, were recorded in Italy on horse (Equus caballus) since 1931: Ixodes ricinus, I. gibbosus, Haemaphysalis inermis, H. parva, H. punctata, H. sulcata, Dermacentor marginatus, Rhipicephalus sanguineus, Rh.
Hyalomma marginatum---turanicus, Hyalomma marginatum, Hy.
Boophilus annulatus---detritum, Boophilus annulatus.
Aedes albopictus---[Aedes albopictus (Skuse) (Diptera, Culicidae) in eastern Veneto]A survey was carried out in autumn 1992 and spring-autumn 1993 to study the seasonal distribution and the dispersal of Aedes albopictus (Skuse) in Portogruaro (province of Venice; North-Eastern Italy).
Amblyomma variegatum---The intravenously imposed trypanosome infection did not result in significant (P > 0.05) differences in Amblyomma variegatum and Hyalomma spp.
A. variegatum---Control N'damas carried significantly (P &lt; 0.001) lower numbers of A. variegatum and Hyalomma spp.
C. ruminantium---Serological frequency of C. ruminantium antibody was similar in both control or infected N'dama and in control or infected zebu cattle.
Ehrlichia ruminantium---AnimalsAntibodies, BacterialArachnid VectorsCattleCattle DiseasesEhrlichia ruminantiumGambiaGenetic Predisposition to DiseaseHeartwater DiseaseIvermectinSpecies SpecificityTick InfestationsTicksTrypanosoma congolenseTrypanosomiasis, African
Syncyamus aequus---[Re-description of Syncyamus aequus, Lincoln and Hurley, 1981 (Amphipoda: Cyamidae), and ectoparasite of Stenella coeruleoalba (Meyen, 1883) and first discovery in Italian waters]Syncyamus aequus Lincoln &amp; Hurley, 1981, an amphipod parasite reported for the first time in South African waters, is re-examined in order to clarify the taxonomic value of some morphological characters not described in detail in the original description and in the following records (Raga, 1988; Sedlak-Weinstein, 1991).
Lymnaea stagnalis---EPMA was carried out on the giant neuron of a fresh frozen ganglion from the snail Lymnaea stagnalis.
Paulinia cupana---Acute effects of the Paulinia cupana, &quot;Guaran&quot; on the cognition of normal volunteers.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---An additional gene function, encoded by nodX, has been found to extend the host range of Rhizobium leguminosarum bv.
Aplysia californica---Mercuric(II) chloride modulates single-channel properties of carbachol-activated Cl- channels in cultured neurons of Aplysia californica.
Aplysia californica---The effect of mercuric(II) chloride on kinetic parameters of carbachol-activated single chloride channels were studied in cultured neurons of the marine mollusk, Aplysia californica.
Lymnaea stagnalis---The effects of heavy metals (Pb2+, Hg2+, and Zn2+) on synaptic transmission in the identified neural network of Helix pomatia L. and Lymnaea stagnalis L. (Gastropoda, Mollusca) were studied, with investigation of effects on inputs and outputs as well as on interneuronal connections.
Lymnaea stagnalis---Effects of chronic exposure to cadmium- or lead-enriched environments on ionic currents of identified neurons in Lymnaea stagnalis L.1.
Lymnaea stagnalis---Voltage-activated ionic currents of three identified neurons of Lymnaea stagnalis L. were compared in control snails and in animals having been exposed to a cadmium- or lead-enriched environment for 2 weeks.
Pediculus humanus capitis---[Treatment of pediculosis capitis in children with permethrin 1% shampoo or lotion]A clinical and entomological trial was carried out in 88 head louse (Pediculus humanus capitis) infested children treated with a single dose of 1% permethrin shampoo or lotion.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AnimalsChild, PreschoolCryptosporidiosisCryptosporidium parvumFecesFemaleHumansInfantMaleSpiramycin
Acanthocephalus caspanenis---Nine species of parasites have been described; three trematodes: Gorgoderina chilensis in Rhinoderma darwinii, Gorgoderina valdiviensis in Caudiverbera caudiverbera, and Rudolphitrema chilensis in Eusophus roseus; two cestodes: Ophiotaenia noei in C. caudiverbera, and Baerietta chilensis in Batrachyla taeniata; three nematodes: Aplectana chilensis, and Cosmicerca chilensis in R. darwinii and Oswaldocruzia neghmei in Hylorina sylvatica, Eusophus miqueli, Eusophus vertebralis, and E. roseus, and one acanthocephala: Acanthocephalus caspanenis in Bufo spinulosus.
Batrachyla taeniata---Nine species of parasites have been described; three trematodes: Gorgoderina chilensis in Rhinoderma darwinii, Gorgoderina valdiviensis in Caudiverbera caudiverbera, and Rudolphitrema chilensis in Eusophus roseus; two cestodes: Ophiotaenia noei in C. caudiverbera, and Baerietta chilensis in Batrachyla taeniata; three nematodes: Aplectana chilensis, and Cosmicerca chilensis in R. darwinii and Oswaldocruzia neghmei in Hylorina sylvatica, Eusophus miqueli, Eusophus vertebralis, and E. roseus, and one acanthocephala: Acanthocephalus caspanenis in Bufo spinulosus.
C. caudiverbera---Nine species of parasites have been described; three trematodes: Gorgoderina chilensis in Rhinoderma darwinii, Gorgoderina valdiviensis in Caudiverbera caudiverbera, and Rudolphitrema chilensis in Eusophus roseus; two cestodes: Ophiotaenia noei in C. caudiverbera, and Baerietta chilensis in Batrachyla taeniata; three nematodes: Aplectana chilensis, and Cosmicerca chilensis in R. darwinii and Oswaldocruzia neghmei in Hylorina sylvatica, Eusophus miqueli, Eusophus vertebralis, and E. roseus, and one acanthocephala: Acanthocephalus caspanenis in Bufo spinulosus.
Gorgoderina valdiviensis---Nine species of parasites have been described; three trematodes: Gorgoderina chilensis in Rhinoderma darwinii, Gorgoderina valdiviensis in Caudiverbera caudiverbera, and Rudolphitrema chilensis in Eusophus roseus; two cestodes: Ophiotaenia noei in C. caudiverbera, and Baerietta chilensis in Batrachyla taeniata; three nematodes: Aplectana chilensis, and Cosmicerca chilensis in R. darwinii and Oswaldocruzia neghmei in Hylorina sylvatica, Eusophus miqueli, Eusophus vertebralis, and E. roseus, and one acanthocephala: Acanthocephalus caspanenis in Bufo spinulosus.
R. darwinii---Nine species of parasites have been described; three trematodes: Gorgoderina chilensis in Rhinoderma darwinii, Gorgoderina valdiviensis in Caudiverbera caudiverbera, and Rudolphitrema chilensis in Eusophus roseus; two cestodes: Ophiotaenia noei in C. caudiverbera, and Baerietta chilensis in Batrachyla taeniata; three nematodes: Aplectana chilensis, and Cosmicerca chilensis in R. darwinii and Oswaldocruzia neghmei in Hylorina sylvatica, Eusophus miqueli, Eusophus vertebralis, and E. roseus, and one acanthocephala: Acanthocephalus caspanenis in Bufo spinulosus.
Bifidobacterium longum---The crystal structure of L-lactate dehydrogenase from Bifidobacterium longum, determined to 2.5 A resolution, contains a regular 1:1 complex of T- and R-state tetramers.
Penicillium funiculosum---The typical dominant species among the fungi was the phytotoxigenic Penicillium funiculosum.
Lutzomyia youngi---Physiological age in Lutzomyia youngi (Diptera: Psychodidae) populations from an endemic area for cutaneous leishmaniasis, Venezuela.
Lutzomyia youngi---Batches of sylvatic females of Lutzomyia youngi (Phlebotominae) captured in a Shannon trap on twelve occasions over one year in a locality where subcutaneous leishmaniasis is endemic, near the city of Trujillo, Venezuela, were used to study: 1) the percentages of parous females according to previously established criteria and 2) the average number of eggs laid spontaneously by isolated females during 7 days after feeding on hamsters.
Halobacterium salinarum---BacteriorhodopsinsCell-Free SystemCodonDeuteriumHalobacterium salinarumIsotope LabelingModels, MolecularMutagenesis, Site-DirectedProtein ConformationProtein FoldingRNA, Transfer, TyrSpectroscopy, Fourier Transform InfraredSulfur RadioisotopesSuppression, GeneticTritiumTyrosine
Brugia malayi---AdolescentAdultAgedAnimalsBrugia malayiChildChild, PreschoolChinaCross-Sectional StudiesCulexElephantiasis, FilarialFemaleFilariasisHumansIncidenceInfantLongitudinal StudiesMaleMiddle AgedMosquito ControlPopulation Surveillance
Brugia malayi---Dot-immunogold silver staining (Dot-IGSS) and Dot-ELISA, using the soluble antigen of Brugia malayi, were employed to detect anti-Wuchereria bancrofti antibodies in 50 cases of Wuchereria bancrofti microfilaremia.
Angiostrongylus malaysiensis---Genetic variability in isozymes of Angiostrongylus malaysiensis.
A. cantonensis---The genetic difference between Angiostrongylus malaysiensis and A. cantonensis was assayed by electrophoretic analysis of isozymes.
Angiostrongylus malaysiensis---The genetic difference between Angiostrongylus malaysiensis and A. cantonensis was assayed by electrophoretic analysis of isozymes.
A. cantonensis---Both A. malaysiensis and A. cantonensis were polymorphic at 6 of the loci (p = 0.600) with heterozygosity H of 0.286 and 0.151, respectively.
A. malaysiensis---Both A. malaysiensis and A. cantonensis were polymorphic at 6 of the loci (p = 0.600) with heterozygosity H of 0.286 and 0.151, respectively.
A. cantonensis---The Nei's genetic distance (D) between A. malaysiensis and A. cantonensis was 0.27470.
A. malaysiensis---The Nei's genetic distance (D) between A. malaysiensis and A. cantonensis was 0.27470.
A. cantonensis---Through isozyme analysis, the present study demonstrated that A. malaysiensis of Japan is a valid species, separate from A. cantonensis.
A. malaysiensis---Through isozyme analysis, the present study demonstrated that A. malaysiensis of Japan is a valid species, separate from A. cantonensis.
Angiostrongylus cantonensis---AngiostrongylusAngiostrongylus cantonensisAnimalsElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelGenetic VariationGenotypeIsoenzymesJapanSpecies Specificity
Anona squamosa---Five species of Philippine plants, reported in the literature to have insecticidal properties, were selected for investigation, namely: Anona squamosa (&quot;atis&quot; or sugar apple), Eucalyptus globulus (&quot;bagras&quot; or olive gum eucalyptus), Lansium domesticum (&quot;lansones&quot;), Azadirachta indica (&quot;neem&quot;) and Codiaeum variegatum (&quot;San Francisco&quot; or croton).
Azadirachta indica---Five species of Philippine plants, reported in the literature to have insecticidal properties, were selected for investigation, namely: Anona squamosa (&quot;atis&quot; or sugar apple), Eucalyptus globulus (&quot;bagras&quot; or olive gum eucalyptus), Lansium domesticum (&quot;lansones&quot;), Azadirachta indica (&quot;neem&quot;) and Codiaeum variegatum (&quot;San Francisco&quot; or croton).
Codiaeum variegatum---Five species of Philippine plants, reported in the literature to have insecticidal properties, were selected for investigation, namely: Anona squamosa (&quot;atis&quot; or sugar apple), Eucalyptus globulus (&quot;bagras&quot; or olive gum eucalyptus), Lansium domesticum (&quot;lansones&quot;), Azadirachta indica (&quot;neem&quot;) and Codiaeum variegatum (&quot;San Francisco&quot; or croton).
Lansium domesticum---Five species of Philippine plants, reported in the literature to have insecticidal properties, were selected for investigation, namely: Anona squamosa (&quot;atis&quot; or sugar apple), Eucalyptus globulus (&quot;bagras&quot; or olive gum eucalyptus), Lansium domesticum (&quot;lansones&quot;), Azadirachta indica (&quot;neem&quot;) and Codiaeum variegatum (&quot;San Francisco&quot; or croton).
Brugia malayi---Aquatic vegetation and their natural hospitability to the immatures of Mansonia mosquitos, the vectors of Brugia malayi in Shertallai, Kerala, India.
Brugia malayi---Prevalence of various aquatic vegetation and their role in supporting vector breeding were studied by drawing plant samples from natural fresh water habitats in Shertallai region which is endemic for Brugia malayi.
Salvinia molesta---As many as 30 aquatic plant species were identified in addition to the most abundant and preferred host plants such as Pistia stratiotes, Salvinia molesta and Eichhornia crassipes which are of major concern due to their contribution for vector proliferation.
Monochoria vaginalis---Monochoria vaginalis has been identified to be one of the most important auxiliary host plant.
Hygrorhiza aristata---Three grasses viz, Hygrorhiza aristata, Sacciolepis interrupta and Leersia hexandra were found to support all the three species of Mansonia viz, Ma.
Sacciolepis interrupta---Three grasses viz, Hygrorhiza aristata, Sacciolepis interrupta and Leersia hexandra were found to support all the three species of Mansonia viz, Ma.
Brugia malayi---AnimalsBrugia malayiCulicidaeDeveloping CountriesDisease VectorsFilariasisFresh WaterHost-Parasite InteractionsHumansIndiaMosquito ControlPlants
Treponema pallidum---Anti-Bacterial AgentsChlamydia trachomatisDrug Resistance, MicrobialFemaleHumansMaleNeisseria gonorrhoeaePapua New GuineaSexually Transmitted DiseasesTreponema pallidum
Histoplasma capsulatum var---The present report describes a fatal case of imported AIDS-related disseminated histoplasmosis capsulati infection associated with multiple coexisting infections, diagnosed with cultural recovery of Histoplasma capsulatum var.
Histoplasma capsulatum var---The epidemiological and clinical features of histoplasmosis capsulati and duboisii in Europe are reviewed by examining also 69 documented cases of Histoplasma capsulatum var.
Histoplasma capsulatum var---capsulatum infection (25 in AIDS patients) and 17 cases of Histoplasma capsulatum var.
Treponema pallidum haemoagglutination---Sixty-seven transvestite prostitutes from Latin America (49 from Brazil and 18 from Colombia) who attended an HIV unit located in the inner city of Rome between January 1991 and June 1992 were studied for syphilis markers by means of both the Treponema pallidum haemoagglutination test (TPHA) and a solid phase haemadsorption test for detection of specific IgM (SPHA-IgM) which are typically present in recent infections.
Treponema pallidum---(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)AdultAge FactorsAntibodies, BacterialBrazilCocaineColombiaCondomsFollow-Up StudiesHIV AntibodiesHIV InfectionsHIV SeronegativityHIV SeropositivityHemadsorptionHemagglutinationHeroin DependenceHumansImmunoglobulin MMiddle AgedProstitutionRomeSexual PartnersSubstance-Related DisordersSyphilis SerodiagnosisTransvestismTreponema pallidum
Coxiella burnetii---Isolation of Coxiella burnetii and of an unknown rickettsial organism from Ixodes ricinus ticks collected in Austria.
Coxiella burnetii---Two strains of Coxiella burnetii and two strains of an unidentified rickettsial organism were isolated for the first time from Ixodes ricinus ticks collected in the Alpine region of Tirol, Austria.
C. burnetii---The C. burnetii strains belong to the group of agents causing acute forms of Q fever.
C. burnetii---The other two strains of isolated rickettsial agent share some antigenic epitopes with C. burnetii and R. prowazekii but they differ from them by their high sensitivity to freezing and refreezing and by poor multiplication in yolk sacs of chick embryos.
R. prowazekii---The other two strains of isolated rickettsial agent share some antigenic epitopes with C. burnetii and R. prowazekii but they differ from them by their high sensitivity to freezing and refreezing and by poor multiplication in yolk sacs of chick embryos.
Coxiella burnetii---AnimalsAntibodies, BacterialAntigens, BacterialAustriaBacteriological TechniquesBlotting, WesternChick EmbryoCoxiella burnetiiEpitopesFemaleFluorescent Antibody TechniqueFreezingLipopolysaccharidesMiceQ FeverRabbitsRickettsiaRickettsia prowazekiiTicks
V. anguillarum---Characterization of V. anguillarum strains (n = 109) isolated from diseased salmonids was performed.
O. dentatum---In May, all pigs were turned out on the same parasitologically naive pasture, and after 2 weeks the pigs in groups 2 and 3 were experimentally infected with 10,800 O. dentatum and 8,700 H. rubidus infective larvae, respectively.
O. dentatum---At the end of the experiment, geometric mean worm burdens of O. dentatum in groups 1, 2 and 3 were 1202, 6136 and 1431 respectively, the burden in group 2 being significantly higher (p &lt; 0.05) than that of the 2 other groups.
Paracentrotus lividus---For this purpose, eggs of the particularly well known and suitable species Paracentrotus lividus have been automatically fertilized under microgravity conditions during the Swedish sounding rocket flights MASER IV and MASER V.  It turns out, that fertilization &quot;in Space&quot; occurs normally and that subsequent embryonic and larval development of such eggs, continued on the ground, is normal, leading to advanced pluteus stages.
Artemia franciscana---Developmental biology studies, using gastrula-arrested cysts of the brine shrimp Artemia franciscana, were conducted during two flights of the space shuttle Atlantis (missions STS-37 and STS-43) in 1991.
Tribolium castaneum---Insect gravitational biology:  ground-based and shuttle flight experiments using the beetle Tribolium castaneum.
Tribolium castaneum---With the exception of Drosophila, the red flour beetle, Tribolium castaneum, is the insect best characterized with respect to molecular embryology and most frequently utilized for past space flights.
Calomys callosus---Morphological aspects of the myocarditis and myositis in Calomys callosus experimentally infected with Trypanosoma cruzi: fibrogenesis and spontaneous regression of fibrosis.
Calomys callosus---Calomys callosus a wild rodent, is a natural host of Trypanosoma cruzi.
C. callosus---Twelve C. callosus were infected with 10(5) trypomastigotes of the F strain (a myotropic strain) of T. cruzi.
C. callosus---Macrophages seem to be the main immune effector cell in the C. callosus model of infection with T. cruzi.
P. americana---T. hagenowii showed a predilection towards the oothecae of P. americana, suggesting its host specificity.
T. hagenowii---T. hagenowii showed a predilection towards the oothecae of P. americana, suggesting its host specificity.
Lutzomyia intermedia---Man's activities also favoured Lutzomyia intermedia a sandfly species which can clearly thrive in changed environments.
Lutzomyia whitmani---Lutzomyia whitmani was predominant, which accounted for 97.4% of the total.
L. braziliensis---These data indicate a strong evidence on the vector and the potential reservoirs of L. braziliensis in this region.
Lutzomyia whitmani---The main man-biting species are Lutzomyia whitmani, Lu.pessoai, Lu.intermedia, Lu.migonei and Lu.fischeri.
B. microplus---Two species of ticks, Amblyomma cajennense and Boophilus microplus, were encountered on the cattle in the Tilarn region and one species, B. microplus, was detected in the Pos region.
Pediculus humanus humanus---= 0.84 and a length of 38 was obtained ((Pedicinus)+(Paenipediculus+(Parapediculus+(Pedicu lus humanus capitis+Pediculus humanus humanus).
P.falciparum---Subtelomeric losses leading to chromosome-size polymorphisms have been described by several authors in P.falciparum where the structure of subtelomeric regions is not known in detail.
P.falciparum---We therefore undertook their characterisation, by means of chromosome walking and jumping techniques, starting from the telomere-flanking sequence present in pPftel.1, the P.falciparum telomeric clone described by Vernick and McCutchan (1988).
P.falciparum---The results indicate that at least 20 (out of 28) chromosomal ends in P.falciparum 3D7 chromosomes share a subtelomeric region, about 40kb long, covering (but not limited to) the Rep20 region.
P. gallinaceum---1993) the sequence was compared to the genes of the same family previously identified in P. falciparum, P. gallinaceum (Kaslow et al.
Biomphalaria glabrata---Partial purification of an endoglucanase from Biomphalaria glabrata.
Biomphalaria glabrata---Previous studies have shown that Biomphalaria glabrata contains a complete cellulolytic system which includes an endoglucanase, an exoglucanase and a beta-glucosidase.
B. jararaca---Detection and neutralization of B. jararaca venom in mice.
Capnocytophaga canimorsus---Fatal Capnocytophaga canimorsus (DF-2) septicaemia.
Capnocytophaga canimorsus---He developed the rare but characteristic clinical picture of fulminant septicaemia and peripheral gangrene caused by a Gram-negative bacillus, Capnocytophaga canimorsus, previously known as dysgonic fermenter type 2 (DF-2), which is an occasional commensal in the oral flora of dogs and cats.
Biomphalaria glabrata---[Susceptibility of Biomphalaria tenagophila and Biomphalaria glabrata from a same region to 2 Schistosoma mansoni strains]B. tenagophila snails from Ouro Branco, MG, showed positivity for S. mansoni, with infection rates of 5%, 10%, (SJ strain), and 1% (LE strain) using a pool of miracidia.
B. glabrata---B. glabrata snails from Gag, MG, showed a positivity rate of 58% for S. mansoni (LE strain), under experimental conditions.
B. glabrata---The B. tenagophila from Cabo Frio, RJ and B. glabrata from Belo Horizonte, MG used as a control for SJ strain showed infection rates of 47%-85% and 36% respectivily.
B. glabrata---For the LE strain, B. glabrata (BH, MG) used as control showed infection rate of 40%-75%.
B. glabrata---A total amount of 46,579 mollusks was collected, and among them seven species corresponding to five families could be found, as follows: 39,176 specimens of Biomphalaria tenagophila; 1,296 B. glabrata; 7 Drepanotrema cimex; 2,527 Physa sp; 417 Lymnaea sp; 92 Pomacea hastrum, and 3,064 specimens of Melanoides tuberculata (Melanniidae = Thiaridae) were collected from March/1990 onwards.
Melanoides tuberculata---A total amount of 46,579 mollusks was collected, and among them seven species corresponding to five families could be found, as follows: 39,176 specimens of Biomphalaria tenagophila; 1,296 B. glabrata; 7 Drepanotrema cimex; 2,527 Physa sp; 417 Lymnaea sp; 92 Pomacea hastrum, and 3,064 specimens of Melanoides tuberculata (Melanniidae = Thiaridae) were collected from March/1990 onwards.
Biomphalaria glabrata---Production of Schistosoma mansoni cercariae by Biomphalaria glabrata from a focus in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais.
Biomphalaria glabrata---The snail density, levels of infection and the monthly production of Schistosoma mansoni cercariae by Biomphalaria glabrata were determined in a focus of Barreiro de Baixo (Belo Horizonte, MG, Brazil).
Erythema nodosum---Erythema nodosum: prospective study of 32 cases.
Posthodiplostomum nanum---[Population biology of Posthodiplostomum namum Dubois, 1937 (Trematoda, Diplostomidae) in Jenynsia lineata and Cnesterodon decemmaculatus (Pisces, Atheriniformes), of Chis-Chis Lagoon, Province of Buenos Aires, Argentina]The characteristics of the population dynamics of Posthodiplostomum nanum have been studied in two of its intermediate hosts, using prevalence, intensity and maturity of the metacercariae, considering the influence of the water temperature.
P. nanum---P. nanum was present along the year, having significant seasonal variation in prevalence and intensity of infestation.
Haemaphysalis punctata---An agent pathogenic for laboratory albino Swiss mice was isolated from a pool of Haemaphysalis punctata ticks collected from cattle on a farm located in Alccer do Sal county, southern Portugal.
Anguillospora pseudolongissima---The of most frequently encountered species of aquatic fungi Hyphomycetes in rain water draining from trees were Anguillospora pseudolongissima, Heliscus lugdunensis and Vargamyces aquaticus.
Schistosoma haematobium---Three years after the first cases of urinary schistosomiasis infection were reported in the village of Mbodiene, Senegal, Schistosoma haematobium eggs were found in 87% of the inhabitants of this village; 30% were heavily infected (> 50 eggs per 10 mL urine).
S. haematobium---In the special situation of a very high prevalence, test strips for proteinuria and haematuria are not very useful for the individual diagnosis of S. haematobium infection.
S. haematobium---Six and 12 weeks after treatment with a single dose of praziquantel (40 mg/kg), S. haematobium eggs were found in 25% and 30% of the treated subjects, respectively.
S. haematobium---Both S. haematobium and S. mansoni are spreading in the delta of the Senegal river.
Schistosoma intercalatum---The only schistosome species found in stool specimens in the local population of the republic of So Tom is Schistosoma intercalatum.
S. haematobium---No S. haematobium egg was found in 782 urine specimens from the local population, although some were seen in the urine of Angolan soldiers stationed near the capital city.
S. intercalatum---One village in the endemic area, San Maral, had an S. intercalatum prevalence of 43%, with 14 persons > 40 years of age harbouring severe infections.
Schistosoma intercalatum---Schistosomiasis in the Republic of So Tom and Principe: characterization of Schistosoma intercalatum.
S. intercalatum---The eggs are typical in shape and size of S. intercalatum, measuring on average between 174.5 microns and 189.1 microns.
B. africanus---The parasite experimentally develops in several different species of Bulinus belonging to the B. forskalii group, including B. forskalii, with a minimum prepatent period of 25 d, and also in snails of the B. reticulatus group (B. wrighti); it is incompatible with snails of the B. africanus and B. truncatus/B.
B. forskalii---The parasite experimentally develops in several different species of Bulinus belonging to the B. forskalii group, including B. forskalii, with a minimum prepatent period of 25 d, and also in snails of the B. reticulatus group (B. wrighti); it is incompatible with snails of the B. africanus and B. truncatus/B.
B. reticulatus---The parasite experimentally develops in several different species of Bulinus belonging to the B. forskalii group, including B. forskalii, with a minimum prepatent period of 25 d, and also in snails of the B. reticulatus group (B. wrighti); it is incompatible with snails of the B. africanus and B. truncatus/B.
B. forskalii---A survey of 5 different habitats at intervals of 2 weeks over a period of one year showed that populations of B. forskalii increased during the dry period of June, July and August in 1988, and in 3 of the habitats snails were present throughout the year.
C. candamarcensis---C. candamarcensis is another species that belongs to this group.
C. candamarcensis---Acid electrophoresis followed by staining or Western blot revealed a total of 17 proteins in C. candamarcensis and 7 proteins in C. papaya.
C. candamarcensis---Electrophoresis on denaturing gels, followed by staining or Western blot revealed the presence of 14 proteins in C. candamarcensis and 6 proteins in C. papaya.
C. candamarcensis---Non-equilibrium isoelectrofocusing of the latex from both species showed a larger array of proteins in C. candamarcensis.
C. candamarcensis---Some proteins detected in C. candamarcensis have different mobilities when compared with proteins from C. papaya.
C. candamarcensis---These results support the view that latex from C. candamarcensis contains a wider diversity of proteins compared to C. papaya, and that some of the proteins not in C. papaya present esterase and proteolytic activity.
Pandalus borealis---Amino acid sequence determination of a protein purified from the shell of the shrimp, Pandalus borealis.
Pandalus borealis---One of the urea-extractable proteins in the shell of the shrimp Pandalus borealis has been purified, and the complete amino acid sequence has been determined by the combined use of mass spectrometry and Edman degradation of the intact protein as well as of enzymatically derived peptides.
A. suum---We have identified a carboxylesterase in A. suum that appears to be the homolog of the gut-specific C. elegans ges-1 enzyme.
A. suum---The A. suum esterase was purified and its N-terminal sequence found to be 50% identical to the C. elegans ges-1 protein.
A. suum---We have used isoelectric focusing analysis to demonstrate that, unlike the C. elegans ges-1 esterase, the A. suum enzyme is not restricted to the gut but is expressed in a wide range of tissues.
Gallus domesticus---The primary structure of a basic (pI 9.0) fatty acid-binding protein from liver of Gallus domesticus.
Gallus domesticus---The complete amino acid sequence of a basic (pI 9.0) fatty acid-binding protein purified from liver of Gallus domesticus was determined by automated Edman degradation of tryptic, CNBr/HFBA and Staphylococcus aureus protease peptides.
B. intermedia---The species were identified as Biomphalaria tenagophila in three counties, as B. straminea in ten and B. intermedia in 16.
Dysdercus peruvianus---Development of trypanosomatids in the phytophagous insect Dysdercus peruvianus (Hemiptera: Pyrrochoridae).
Dysdercus peruvianus---Experimental infections of the phytophagous Hemiptera Dysdercus peruvianus with different trypanosomatids were studied for up to 55 days by light microscopy while the course of infection with Leptomonas seymouri and the Leptomonas isolate 49/553G.O.
D. peruvianus---Rates of infection of D. peruvianus varied according to the infecting flagellate.
T. brasiliensis---The most remarkable observation was that metacyclogenesis rates in vivo appear to be vector dependent, reaching 50% in Rhodnius neglectus, 37% in its congener R. prolixus and being dramatically lower in the majority of Triatoma species (5% in T. sordida, 3% in T. brasiliensis and 0% in T. pseudomaculata) at the 120th day of infection.
T. pseudomaculata---The most remarkable observation was that metacyclogenesis rates in vivo appear to be vector dependent, reaching 50% in Rhodnius neglectus, 37% in its congener R. prolixus and being dramatically lower in the majority of Triatoma species (5% in T. sordida, 3% in T. brasiliensis and 0% in T. pseudomaculata) at the 120th day of infection.
Aedes albopictus---Mayaro virus grown in interferon treated infected cells has been characterized with regard to its ability to replicate in vertebrate (TC7) and invertebrate (Aedes albopictus) cells.
A. funestus---A gambiae complex and A. funestus.
Basidiobolus ranarum---An immunofluorescence technique showed the Basidiobolus ranarum to be the real cause.
Conidiobolus coronatus---One case of rhinoentomophthoromycosis with isolation of Conidiobolus coronatus (first isolation in Madagascar).
Echinococcus granulosus---[Hepatic hydatidosis in Madagascar: a case of autochthonous origin]Hydatid disease, due to the larval stage of Echinococcus granulosus, is described for the second time at liver level, in Madagascar.
Brugia malayi---To determine the serologic cross-reactivity between human T-cell lymphotropic virus type I (HTLV-I) and parasite antigens, we measured antibody responses against HTLV-I, Plasmodium falciparum, Plasmodium vivax, and Brugia malayi in serum specimens obtained from regions where malaria (n = 482) and filariasis (n = 101) are endemic.
Treponema pallidum---We screened cord blood or serum samples from 101 infants at risk for congenital syphilis and serum samples from their mothers for immunoglobulin G (IgG), IgM, and IgA antibodies to Treponema pallidum by western blotting (immunoblotting).
A. flavus---Flow cytometry demonstrated that these antibodies bound (in increasing degrees) to all morphologic stages of A. flavus growth: conidia, swollen conidia, and hyphae.
A. flavus---Four MAbs reacted with 10 of 11 A. flavus isolates, and the fifth one reacted with 9 of them.
A. fumigatus---One MAb also reacted with A. fumigatus, two reacted with A. niger, A. wentii, and A. nidulans, and all five reacted with A. ochraceus.
A. nidulans---One MAb also reacted with A. fumigatus, two reacted with A. niger, A. wentii, and A. nidulans, and all five reacted with A. ochraceus.
A. ochraceus---One MAb also reacted with A. fumigatus, two reacted with A. niger, A. wentii, and A. nidulans, and all five reacted with A. ochraceus.
A. wentii---One MAb also reacted with A. fumigatus, two reacted with A. niger, A. wentii, and A. nidulans, and all five reacted with A. ochraceus.
A. glaucus---None reacted with A. terreus, A. glaucus, A. versicolor, or a Penicillium species.
A. terreus---None reacted with A. terreus, A. glaucus, A. versicolor, or a Penicillium species.
A. flavus---Each MAb bound to A. flavus hyphae in formalin-fixed paraffin sections of a muscle biopsy from a confirmed human case of invasive aspergillosis.
A. flavus---In summary, these MAbs identified a 97-kDa antigen found on A. flavus that is both surface bound and an exoantigen.
A. fumigatus---Either the same or a cross-reacting antigen is present in A. fumigatus and other Aspergillus species.
C. albicans---PMNL from the titer-positive patients had suppressed ability to inhibit C. albicans growth compared with PMNL from titer-negative patients and healthy volunteers.
C. albicans---In vitro, PMNL function against C. albicans could be augmented significantly by cytokines.
C. albicans---Injured patients with elevated candida antigen titers have impaired PMNL function against C. albicans, and this function can be restored by cytokines.
Treponema pallidum---Flow cytometric analysis of peripheral blood lymphocyte immunophenotypes in persons infected with Treponema pallidum.
Treponema pallidum---To characterize the human immune response to syphilis, we determined the effect of infection with Treponema pallidum on the percentage of the various lymphocyte subpopulations in the peripheral blood of infected and uninfected persons.
Treponema pallidum---B-LymphocytesFemaleFlow CytometryHumansImmunophenotypingKiller Cells, NaturalLymphocyte SubsetsMaleSyphilisT-LymphocytesTreponema pallidum
Coxiella burnetii---Q fever, a worldwide zoonosis caused by Coxiella burnetii, lacks clinical specificity and may present as acute or chronic disease.
Coxiella burnetii---We determined the titers of immunoglobulin G (IgG), IgM, and IgA against both phases (I and II) of Coxiella burnetii.
Coxiella burnetii---Acute DiseaseAntibodies, BacterialChronic DiseaseCoxiella burnetiiFactor Analysis, StatisticalFluorescent Antibody Technique, IndirectHumansImmunoglobulin AImmunoglobulin GImmunoglobulin MPredictive Value of TestsQ Fever
B. abortus---Although LPS from rough brucellae did not show smooth-type LPS in western blots (immunoblots), two hybridomas generated from mice immunized with rough B. abortus produced antibodies against smooth B. abortus LPS.
B. abortus---Results are discussed in relation to the structure and function of B. abortus LPS and to previous findings on the epitopic density of the molecule.
Neospora caninum---Identification and characterization of Neospora caninum tachyzoite antigens useful for diagnosis of neosporosis.
Neospora caninum---The purpose of the present study was to identify antigens of the protozoan Neospora caninum that could be useful for the diagnosis of neosporosis in domestic animals.
N. caninum---As revealed by immunoblotting, immune sera from a wide range of animal species exhibited a similar recognition pattern of four major and several minor N. caninum antigens.
N. caninum---Immunolocalization of the four immunodominant N. caninum antigens was investigated by immunogold electron microscopy using monospecific polyclonal antisera.
N. caninum---Studies were also conducted to compare antibody responses to N. caninum and the related protozoan Toxoplasma gondii.
N. caninum---Although N. caninum and T. gondii (RH strain) tachyzoites shared a few cross-reacting antigens, the immunodominant antigens of both parasites were not recognized by heterologous sera.
N. caninum---These unique antigenic differences should be useful in developing a diagnostic assay for N. caninum.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---The Yersinia pseudotuberculosis inv gene encodes invasin, a 103-kDa outer membrane protein allowing bacteria to penetrate mammalian cells.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---Adhesins, BacterialAdultAgedAnimalsAntibodies, BacterialBacterial ProteinsChildChild, PreschoolFemaleHumansInfantMaleMiceYersinia pseudotuberculosisYersinia pseudotuberculosis Infections
Francisella tularensis---Comparative analysis of antibodies to Francisella tularensis antigens during the acute phase of tularemia and eight years later.
Francisella tularensis---Approximately 8 years after treatment for tularemia, 14 of 22 (63.6%) individuals tested still had a positive microagglutination test for Francisella tularensis antibodies.
F. tularensis---Immunoblotting indicated that the F. tularensis lipopolysaccharide is a major target for antibodies in both groups of sera.
Francisella tularensis---Acute DiseaseAdultAgedAntibodies, BacterialBacterial Outer Membrane ProteinsDisease OutbreaksFrancisella tularensisHumansMaleMiddle AgedTime FactorsTularemia
Fusobacterium nucleatum---The strongest positive reaction of gram-negative species with the IgG Fc fragments were obtained with strains of Prevotella intermedia and Fusobacterium nucleatum.
R. prowazekii---The serological response to R. prowazekii was found to be similar during primary and recrudescent typhus, and all sera examined contained antibodies to the same R. prowazekii cell structures.
R. prowazekii---In addition, donor blood sera, which were negative by microimmunofluorescence, were found to contain IgG immunoglobulins reacting with R. prowazekii protein antigens of 135, 60, and 47 kDa by western immunoblotting.
L. braziliensis---These results suggest that L. braziliensis infections are difficult to eradicate and that a clinical cure but rarely a complete elimination of the parasite is generally accomplished.
Histoplasma capsulatum---The enzyme-linked immunoelectrotransfer blot (EITB) method was evaluated as a suitable method for detecting antibodies against M antigen of Histoplasma capsulatum by use of both glycosylated and deglycosylated M protein of histoplasmin (HMIN).
C. albicans---Under the same conditions, opsonophagocytosis of Staphylococcus aureus was 90% +/- 5%, and opsonophagocytosis of C. albicans was 55% +/- 23%.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Several immunodeficient rodent models currently exist in which persistent, largely asymptomatic, Cryptosporidium parvum infections can be established.
C. parvum---We have consequently developed an animal model system in which scid mice were used to screen drugs for inhibitory activity against C. parvum, after which the drugs' therapeutic potential was evaluated with piglets.
C. paravum---C. paravum infections in suckling scid mice tended to be associated with villus surfaces, while in weaned and in older scid mice infections were more commonly localized in abscessed crypts.
C. parvum---Mild to moderate diarrhea and infection were cleared after paromomycin treatment of piglets infected with one C. parvum isolate.
C. parvum---In contrast to paromomycin hyperimmune bovine colostrum-immunoglobulin treatment reduced the rate of C. parvum infection moderately in scid mice and only slightly in piglets, again probably because of a rapid transit time through the gut and inactivation in the stomach.
C. parvum---It was also clear that the impact of effective drugs against C. parvum can be detected within 5 days after the onset of treatment in either model.
Treponema pallidum---Evaluation of a Treponema pallidum enzyme immunoassay as a screening test for syphilis.
Treponema pallidum---The CAPTIA Syphilis-G enzyme immunoassay for the detection of antibodies to Treponema pallidum was evaluated as a screening test for syphilis in comparison with the standard rapid plasma reagin (RPR) test.
Treponema pallidum---Evaluation Studies as TopicHumansImmunoenzyme TechniquesReagent Kits, DiagnosticSensitivity and SpecificitySyphilisTreponema pallidum
Acanthamoeba culbertsoni---A prominent band of less than 18.5 kDa was identified in the Acanthamoeba culbertsoni antigen lane in 2 of the 10 human serum specimen pools.
A. culbertsoni---When sera from each of the two groups were tested individually by immunoblotting, the reaction with A. culbertsoni antigen could be associated with one individual.
B. abortus---Cattle serologically positive for Brucella abortus have antibodies to B. abortus Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase.
B. abortus---In this study, we demonstrated by a Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase-specific enzyme-linked immunoassay that cattle that are serologically positive for Brucella abortus have serum immunoglobulin G antibodies to B. abortus Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase.
B. abortus---The specificity of the antibody reactivity was confirmed by Western blot (immunoblot) analysis with B. abortus salt-extractable proteins containing native Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase and with recombinant B. abortus Cu-Zn superoxide dismutase.
P. carinii---Corticosteroid- or L3T4+ antibody-immunosuppressed BALB/c mice transtracheally inoculated with P. carinii developed severe infections within 5 weeks after inoculation and responded to treatments with an echinocandin B analog, LY302146, or trimethoprim plus sulfamethoxazole so that they had decreased numbers of P. carinii cysts and trophozoites.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Immunochemical analysis of the H and M glycoproteins from Histoplasma capsulatum.
Histoplasma capsulatum---The H and M antigens of Histoplasma capsulatum are glycoproteins, and both possess epitopes found on the C antigen, a cross-reactive galactomannan shared by the major genera of systemic dimorphic fungi.
B. fragilis---An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for detecting the enterotoxin of B. fragilis in cultures and stools was developed by using high-titer monospecific goat and rabbit antitoxins in an indirect format.
B. fragilis---Using the ELISA to screen cultures of toxigenic and nontoxigenic strains of B. fragilis, we observed 100% correlation with 16 known toxigenic strains which had various cytotoxic activities on HT-29 cells.
B. fragilis---Preliminary studies with spiked feces indicated that the ELISA may be useful for screening not only cultures for the enterotoxigenic B. fragilis but also stool specimens.
Amblyomma americanum---Human monocytic ehrlichiosis is caused by Ehrlichia chaffeensis, an intracellular bacterium probably transmitted by the tick Amblyomma americanum in the United States.
Ehrlichia ruminantium---AnimalsAntigens, BacterialCross ReactionsDogsEhrlichia ruminantiumElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelHeartwater DiseaseImmunodominant EpitopesMolecular WeightRabbitsSerologic TestsSheep
B. subtilis---Open reading frames (ORF) in this region were unambiguously identified from the determined sequence, using criteria characteristic for the B. subtilis gene structure, i.e., starting with an ATG, GTG or TTG codon preceded by sequences complementary to the 3' end of the 16S rRNA.
B. subtilis---In the remaining 160 kb region, 158 ORFs were identified, suggesting that 1 ORF is coded on average by 1 kb of DNA of the B. subtilis genome.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Determination of Gardnerella vaginalis genome size by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis.
Gardnerella vaginalis---The chromosomal DNA of four strains of Gardnerella vaginalis were digested with rare cutting restriction enzymes and analyzed by pulsed-field gel electrophoresis (PFGE).
Gardnerella vaginalis---Base SequenceDNA Restriction EnzymesDNA, BacterialElectrophoresis, Gel, Pulsed-FieldGardnerella vaginalisGenome, BacterialMolecular Sequence DataMolecular Weight
P. carinii---A cDNA encoding a full-length MSG polypeptide was isolated from a lambda library of rat-derived P. carinii cDNAs.
P. carinii---P. carinii karyotype hybridization analyses indicated that the MSG gene family members are scattered throughout most of the P. carinii chromosomes.
P. carinii---The pathobiological significance of the MSG gene family and its sequence diversity in P. carinii is discussed.
Pinus koraiensis---Our paper describes the practical application for the RLGS method using a restriction trapper with the pine tree genome (3 x 10(10) bp/haploid genome; Pinus koraiensis Sieb.
B. licheniformis---Southern analysis indicated that B. licheniformis likely possesses only one gnt determinant.
B. licheniformis---The nucleotide sequence (6278 bp) of the B. licheniformis DNA containing the gnt operon was determined, revealing the five complete open reading frames (ORF; genes).
B. licheniformis---The putative product of the first gene, oug, did not show any significant homology to known proteins, but those of the second to fifth genes exhibited striking homology to the gntRKPZ genes of B. subtilis, respectively, indicating that they are the corresponding gnt genes of B. licheniformis.
B. subtilis---The putative product of the first gene, oug, did not show any significant homology to known proteins, but those of the second to fifth genes exhibited striking homology to the gntRKPZ genes of B. subtilis, respectively, indicating that they are the corresponding gnt genes of B. licheniformis.
B. licheniformis---Sequence analysis of the upstream regions of these two gnt operons implied that a chromosome rearrangement in B. subtilis might have occurred immediately upstream of the gnt operon during evolution, causing it to diverge from a common ancestor into B. licheniformis and B. subtilis.
B. subtilis---Sequence analysis of the upstream regions of these two gnt operons implied that a chromosome rearrangement in B. subtilis might have occurred immediately upstream of the gnt operon during evolution, causing it to diverge from a common ancestor into B. licheniformis and B. subtilis.
P. carinii---The MSG genes of Pneumocystis carinii encode major cell surface glycoproteins of multi-gene families and play crucial roles in the pathobiology of P. carinii pneumocystosis.
Corynebacterium parvum---Certain strains of the bacterium Corynebacterium parvum (Propionibacterium acnes) have been shown to augment cellular immune mechanisms by increasing both macrophage and natural killer cell activity.
C. parvum---Papillomas were treated by intralesional injection of a C. parvum suspension.
C. parvum---Results showed that intralesional administration of C. parvum was capable of inducing regression of bovine papillomas in 8-15 weeks.
Actinomyces naeslundii---Results show considerable heterogeneity both between different species and within some of the species, especially Actinomyces naeslundii.
A. naeslundii---Two commonly used A. naeslundii strains, T14V and ATCC 12104, fell within the low (salivary aggregation and collagen binding by T14V), moderate (surface charge and haemagglutination) or high range of values (hydrophobicity, saliva-coated hydroxyapatite adhesion, polystyrene binding by T14V, fibrinogen binding by T14V and collagen binding by A. naeslundii ATCC 12104).
Actinomyces naeslundii---Minimal inhibitory concentrations of pyrophosphate were determined for Streptococcus sanguis, Streptococcus mutans (serotype c), Actinomyces viscosus and Actinomyces naeslundii.
A. viscosus---Bactericidal kinetics assays revealed that both S. mutans and A. viscosus were killed by pyrophosphate, with the latter being considerably more susceptible.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAdultAlkaline PhosphataseBacteria, AnaerobicCapnocytophagaClinical Enzyme TestsGingival Crevicular FluidHumansMicrobial Sensitivity TestsPeriodontitisPorphyromonas gingivalisPrevotella intermediaSensitivity and SpecificitySodium Dodecyl SulfateSpecies SpecificityStreptococcusSurface-Active Agents
Mesocricetus auratus---Analysis of normal oral flora in 150 cheek pouches of hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus) defined the microbial working environment and demonstrated the absence of human oral black-pigmented bacteria.
P. gingivalis---Abscesses were formed when sutures had solitary P. gingivalis or other bacteria mixed with P. gingivalis or when P. intermedia was mixed with other bacteria besides P. gingivalis.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Six abscesses (14.3%) were developed in association with the presence of other odontopathic bacteria, primarily Fusobacterium nucleatum and Actinomyces viscosus.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansActinomyces viscosusAnti-Infective Agents, LocalBacteria, AnaerobicBacteroidaceaeCapnocytophagaDrug AntagonismDrug SynergismEikenella corrodensEugenolFormocresolsFusobacterium nucleatumMicrobial Sensitivity TestsMouthOils, VolatilePeptostreptococcusPlant ExtractsPlant OilsPorphyromonas gingivalisPrevotellaStreptococcusThymolTreponema
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansActinomyces viscosusAnti-Infective Agents, LocalBacteria, AnaerobicBacteroidaceaeCapnocytophagaDrug AntagonismDrug SynergismEikenella corrodensEugenolFormocresolsFusobacterium nucleatumMicrobial Sensitivity TestsMouthOils, VolatilePeptostreptococcusPlant ExtractsPlant OilsPorphyromonas gingivalisPrevotellaStreptococcusThymolTreponema
Actinomyces naeslundii---The role of the succinate pathway in sorbitol fermentation by oral Actinomyces viscosus and Actinomyces naeslundii.
Actinomyces naeslundii---The sorbitol fermentation by Actinomyces viscosus and Actinomyces naeslundii was studied with washed sorbitol-grown cells.
A. viscosus---Malate and fumarate could also support the acid production of A. viscosus.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---The most susceptible bacteria were Actinomyces spp., Eubacterium saburreum, Prevotella intermedia, Capnocytophaga ochracea, Fusobacterium nucleatum, Prevotella loescheii, Treponema denticola and Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Eubacterium saburreum---The most susceptible bacteria were Actinomyces spp., Eubacterium saburreum, Prevotella intermedia, Capnocytophaga ochracea, Fusobacterium nucleatum, Prevotella loescheii, Treponema denticola and Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---The most susceptible bacteria were Actinomyces spp., Eubacterium saburreum, Prevotella intermedia, Capnocytophaga ochracea, Fusobacterium nucleatum, Prevotella loescheii, Treponema denticola and Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
C. ochracea---The disc-plate procedure indicated that the growth of Actinomyces spp., E. saburreum, C. ochracea, P. intermedia, P. loescheii, Porphyromonas gingivalis and T. denticola were the most affected, more particularly by chymotrypsin and proteinase K. Interestingly, the growth of F. nucleatum was rather stimulated by proteolytic enzymes.
F. nucleatum---The disc-plate procedure indicated that the growth of Actinomyces spp., E. saburreum, C. ochracea, P. intermedia, P. loescheii, Porphyromonas gingivalis and T. denticola were the most affected, more particularly by chymotrypsin and proteinase K. Interestingly, the growth of F. nucleatum was rather stimulated by proteolytic enzymes.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansActinomycesAnimalsBacteriolysisCampylobacterCapnocytophagaCattleChymotrypsinEcosystemEndopeptidase KEubacteriumFusobacterium nucleatumGram-Negative BacteriaGram-Positive BacteriaLactobacillusMicrobial Sensitivity TestsPeriodontiumPorphyromonas gingivalisPrevotellaSerine EndopeptidasesStreptococcusSymbiosisTime FactorsTreponemaTrypsinVeillonella
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansActinomycesAnimalsBacteriolysisCampylobacterCapnocytophagaCattleChymotrypsinEcosystemEndopeptidase KEubacteriumFusobacterium nucleatumGram-Negative BacteriaGram-Positive BacteriaLactobacillusMicrobial Sensitivity TestsPeriodontiumPorphyromonas gingivalisPrevotellaSerine EndopeptidasesStreptococcusSymbiosisTime FactorsTreponemaTrypsinVeillonella
C. albicans---Despite the similarity in growth rates, C. tropicalis and C. krusei demonstrated greater proteolytic activity than C. albicans and C. glabrata.
C. glabrata---Despite the similarity in growth rates, C. tropicalis and C. krusei demonstrated greater proteolytic activity than C. albicans and C. glabrata.
C. tropicalis---Despite the similarity in growth rates, C. tropicalis and C. krusei demonstrated greater proteolytic activity than C. albicans and C. glabrata.
C. albicans---In contrast, the degree of saccharolytic and proteolytic activity of a single isolate of C. albicans in glucose-supplemented parotid saliva appeared to be relatively weak compared with mixed saliva.
Actinomyces naeslundii---There was a highly significant correlation between the degree of natural bacterial colonization on pooled buccal epithelial cells from 8 healthy donors and the adhesion of a single isolate each of Streptococcus mitis, Escherichia coli and Actinomyces naeslundii.
P. gingivalis---The present investigation explored the genotypic heterogeneity of Porphyromonas gingivalis using restriction endonuclease analysis and ribotyping of 64 P. gingivalis isolates, recovered from the periodontal pockets of 3 beagle dogs, 2 of which were reared together.
P. gingivalis---The results revealed an extensive intra-host genotypic heterogeneity of P. gingivalis strains in the beagle dog and indicated that ribotyping was a sensitive method for differentiating clonal types within species.
Mitsuokella dentalis---Mitsuokella dentalis in human periodontitis.
Mitsuokella dentalis---The occurrence of Mitsuokella dentalis in periodontitis was determined by culture and DNA probe detection.
Prevotella melaninogenica---The tet(Q) probe hybridized with DNA from 8 of the 22 tetr strains, including 2 Prevotella intermedia strains and one strain each of Prevotella nigrescens, Prevotella loescheii, Prevotella veroralis and Prevotella melaninogenica.
Prevotella veroralis---The tet(Q) probe hybridized with DNA from 8 of the 22 tetr strains, including 2 Prevotella intermedia strains and one strain each of Prevotella nigrescens, Prevotella loescheii, Prevotella veroralis and Prevotella melaninogenica.
Mitsuokella dentalis---The tetr strains of Mitsuokella dentalis and Capnocytophaga ochracea also hybridized with the probe.
Prevotella melaninogenica---Anti-Bacterial AgentsBacteria, AnaerobicBacteroidesBlotting, SouthernCapnocytophagaDNA ProbesDNA, BacterialGenes, BacterialHumansMicrobial Sensitivity TestsNucleic Acid HybridizationPeriodontal DiseasesPlasmidsPrevotellaPrevotella intermediaPrevotella melaninogenicaR FactorsRestriction MappingSequence Analysis, DNATetracyclineTetracycline Resistance
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---[A case of Lesniowski-Crohn disease preceded by Yersinia pseudotuberculosis infection]In etiopathogenesis of Leniowski-Crohn disease we consider environmental genetical, immunological and physical factors.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---AdultCrohn DiseaseHumansMaleYersinia pseudotuberculosis Infections
L. innocua---The Cy effect appeared to be the weakest because only the immunosuppressive (300 micrograms/g) dose was able to significantly enhance the survival of L. innocua both in the peritoneal cavity and the spleen.
Cruznema tripartitum---In Cruznema tripartitum, P(5-7).p form the vulva as in Caenorhabditis, but they migrate posteriorly before dividing.
Teratorhabditis palmarum---In two other species, Mesorhabditis sp. PS 1179 and Teratorhabditis palmarum, we have found changes in induction and competence with respect to their presumably more C. elegans-like ancestor.
Acanthostega gunnari---A composite framework of several phylogenetic hypotheses is presented incorporating living and fossil taxa, including the first report of an acanthodian metapterygium and a new reconstruction of the axial skeleton and caudal fin of Acanthostega gunnari.
B. subtilis---9-Chloro-5-morpholino-1,2,4-triazolo[4,3-c]quinazoline-3-thione has demonstrated the highest antibacterial effect (MIC of 1 mg/L for E. coli and P. mirabilis and &lt; 1 mg/L for S. aureus and B. subtilis).
P. mirabilis---9-Chloro-5-morpholino-1,2,4-triazolo[4,3-c]quinazoline-3-thione has demonstrated the highest antibacterial effect (MIC of 1 mg/L for E. coli and P. mirabilis and &lt; 1 mg/L for S. aureus and B. subtilis).
B. firmus---B. firmus activates human peripheral blood lymphocytes in vitro.
B. cereus---The action of formaldehyde treated B. firmus was compared with that of analogously inactivated B. subtilis, B. polymyxa, B. coagulans, B. megaterium, B. pumilus, B. cereus and B. lentus at a concentration of 100 mg/L.
B. firmus---The action of formaldehyde treated B. firmus was compared with that of analogously inactivated B. subtilis, B. polymyxa, B. coagulans, B. megaterium, B. pumilus, B. cereus and B. lentus at a concentration of 100 mg/L.
B. lentus---The action of formaldehyde treated B. firmus was compared with that of analogously inactivated B. subtilis, B. polymyxa, B. coagulans, B. megaterium, B. pumilus, B. cereus and B. lentus at a concentration of 100 mg/L.
B. megaterium---The action of formaldehyde treated B. firmus was compared with that of analogously inactivated B. subtilis, B. polymyxa, B. coagulans, B. megaterium, B. pumilus, B. cereus and B. lentus at a concentration of 100 mg/L.
B. pumilus---The action of formaldehyde treated B. firmus was compared with that of analogously inactivated B. subtilis, B. polymyxa, B. coagulans, B. megaterium, B. pumilus, B. cereus and B. lentus at a concentration of 100 mg/L.
B. subtilis---The action of formaldehyde treated B. firmus was compared with that of analogously inactivated B. subtilis, B. polymyxa, B. coagulans, B. megaterium, B. pumilus, B. cereus and B. lentus at a concentration of 100 mg/L.
B. firmus---All these bacilli mildly stimulated blastic transformation and most of them substantially stimulated Ig formation, but B. firmus was the most efficient in stimulating the formation of Ig of all classes, in particular IgM and IgA.
B. firmus---B. firmus is apparently a strong polyclonal activator of B lymphocytes.
Bombina variegata---Studies on transplantation immunity of the yellow-bellied toad Bombina variegata.
B. bombina---Adults and tadpoles of the yellow-bellied toad Bombina variegata reacted in a typically chronic manner to skin allografts and to xenografts from closely related fire-bellied toads B. bombina but they rejected quickly skin xenografts from evolutionary distant anuran species (Bufo and Rana).
Bombina variegata---Adults and tadpoles of the yellow-bellied toad Bombina variegata reacted in a typically chronic manner to skin allografts and to xenografts from closely related fire-bellied toads B. bombina but they rejected quickly skin xenografts from evolutionary distant anuran species (Bufo and Rana).
Lupinus angustifolius---Immunotropic activity of lupin seeds extracts and fractions from Lupinus angustifolius and Lupinus albus.
Lupinus angustifolius---The results demonstrated immunotropic activity of seeds extracts and fractions from Lupinus angustifolius and Lupinus albus.
Lupinus angustifolius---Plaque forming cells (PFC) number to SRBC (sheep red blood cells) were elevated by an extract from Lupinus angustifolius and lowered by extracts from Lupinus albus.
Lupinus angustifolius---All preparations obtained from Lupinus angustifolius reduced the number of rosette forming cells (E-RFC).
Amblyomma hebraeum---The detection of antibodies cross-reacting with Cowdria ruminantium in the sera of domestic ruminants in regions of South Africa where Amblyomma hebraeum does not occur.
Amblyomma hebraeum---High levels of seropositivity, in all probability attributable to Ehrlichia, were recorded in the serum of domestic ruminants throughout districts in South Africa where Amblyomma hebraeum, the vector of the heartwater agent, does not occur.
C. ruminantium---A combination of the IFA and ELISA tests, currently employed to detect antibodies to C. ruminantium, facilitates the handling of appreciable numbers of sera and ensures maximum reliability.
Ehrlichia ruminantium---AnimalsAntibodies, ProtozoanCattleCattle DiseasesCross ReactionsEhrlichia ruminantiumFluorescent Antibody Technique, IndirectHeartwater DiseaseSheepSheep DiseasesSouth Africa
C. cornutus---The virtual absence of C. imicola implies that other Culicoides species, such as C. bolitinos and C. cornutus, may be involved in transmitting BT virus (and perhaps BEF) in the eastern Orange Free State, and possibly elsewhere in Africa.
C. imicola---The virtual absence of C. imicola implies that other Culicoides species, such as C. bolitinos and C. cornutus, may be involved in transmitting BT virus (and perhaps BEF) in the eastern Orange Free State, and possibly elsewhere in Africa.
C. gulbenkiani---Virus isolation attempts made on 45 single species pools of C. bolitinos, C. pycnostictus, C. milnei, C. leucostictus, C. zuluensis and C. gulbenkiani were, however, negative.
C. leucostictus---Virus isolation attempts made on 45 single species pools of C. bolitinos, C. pycnostictus, C. milnei, C. leucostictus, C. zuluensis and C. gulbenkiani were, however, negative.
C. pycnostictus---Virus isolation attempts made on 45 single species pools of C. bolitinos, C. pycnostictus, C. milnei, C. leucostictus, C. zuluensis and C. gulbenkiani were, however, negative.
C. zuluensis---Virus isolation attempts made on 45 single species pools of C. bolitinos, C. pycnostictus, C. milnei, C. leucostictus, C. zuluensis and C. gulbenkiani were, however, negative.
Gallus domesticus---Differential regulation of vitamin D receptor and intestinal calcium transport occurring during sexual maturation in the fowl (Gallus domesticus).
Chlorella pyrenoidosa---A high temperature strain of Chlorella pyrenoidosa, which functions optimally at 37 degrees C and pH 7.4, was cultured in a 3 I fermenter with artificial lighting provided with Hg-metal halide lights.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Disruption of genes encoding endogenous transport proteins in Saccharomyces cerevisiae has facilitated the recent cloning, by functional expression, of cDNAs encoding K+ channels and amino acid transporters from the plant Arabidopsis thaliana [1-4].
Arabidopsis thaliana---In the present study, we demonstrate in whole-cell patch clamp experiments that the inability of trk1deltatrk2delta mutants of S. cerevisiae to grow on submillimolar K+ correlates with the lack of K+ inward currents, which are present in wild-type cells, and that transformation of the trk1deltatrk2delta double-deletion mutant with KAT1 from Arabidopsis thaliana restores this phenotype by encoding a plasma membrane protein that allows large K+ inward currents.
A. thaliana---Similar K+ inward currents are induced by transformation of a trk1 mutant with AKT1 from A. thaliana.
Calomys callosus---Whole-mount preparations of urinary bladders stained with a modified Giemsa technique were obtained from three rodent species (Guinea-pig, Calomys callosus and the C57/BLJ isogenic mouse) to identify and estimate the relative number and size of ganglionic neurons within the wall of the organ.
Calomys callosus---The distribution of the ganglia was not uniform among the three species: ganglia were concentrated around the ureteral orifices in the Guinea-pig, they were scattered throughout the organ in Calomys callosus, and they were concentrated near the internal urethral orifice in the C57/BLJ mouse.
Calomys callosus---In Calomys callosus, 40% of the neurons lie in the range of 200 to 250 microns2, with 28% in the range of 50 to 100 microns2.
Treponema pallidum---The data indicated besides that AL is not CIC because it is not immunoglobulin nor Treponema pallidum antigen.
Treponema pallidum---AnimalsAntigen-Antibody ComplexAntilymphocyte SerumCarbohydratesChemical PrecipitationFemaleLymphotoxin-alphaMalePolyethylene GlycolsProteinsRabbitsSialic AcidsSyphilisTreponema pallidum
Aedes albopictus---An aliquot of homogenate from each pool of mosquitoes, 50 per tube, was inoculated into Aedes albopictus clone C6/36 cells for virus isolation.
Aedes albopictus---Aedes albopictus in Mexico.
Aedes albopictus---Data relating to the discovery and identification of the Asian tiger mosquito, Aedes albopictus, in Coahuila State, Mexico, are presented.
Aedes albopictus---A larval mosquito survey in northeastern Arkansas including a new record for Aedes albopictus.
Aedes albopictus---A major range extension of Aedes taeniorhynchus in Arkansas was documented as well as the first known collection of Aedes albopictus in the northeastern part of the state.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Examinations to identify the infections by Porphyromonas gingivalis, Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Prevotella intermedia, Campylobacter rectus, Bacteroides forsythus, Fusobacterium nucleatum, Eikenella corrodens and Treponema denticola have recently become essential in diagnosis of periodontal disease.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Examinations to identify the infections by Porphyromonas gingivalis, Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Prevotella intermedia, Campylobacter rectus, Bacteroides forsythus, Fusobacterium nucleatum, Eikenella corrodens and Treponema denticola have recently become essential in diagnosis of periodontal disease.
Lytechinus variegatus---The site of gamete interaction of electrophysiologically recorded Lytechinus variegatus eggs, fixed with osmium tetroxide (OsO4) and/or glutaraldehyde (GTA) at varying intervals after the onset of the increase in membrane conductance induced by an attached sperm, has been examined by high-voltage and conventional transmission electron microscopy.
Erinaceus auritus---[ACTH and the processes of higher nervous activity in the hedgehog Erinaceus auritus]Using feeding behaviour model in hedgehogs, studies have been made of the effect of ACTH1-39 on learning, memory and the pre-formed conditioned reactions.
P. gingivalis---P. gingivalis cells coaggregated with strains of T. denticola and Treponema socranskii subspecies socranskii, but did not coaggregate with T. socranskii subspecies buccale, T. socranskii subspecies paredis, Treponema vincentii, or Treponema pectinovorum.
T. socranskii---P. gingivalis cells coaggregated with strains of T. denticola and Treponema socranskii subspecies socranskii, but did not coaggregate with T. socranskii subspecies buccale, T. socranskii subspecies paredis, Treponema vincentii, or Treponema pectinovorum.
Treponema pectinovorum---P. gingivalis cells coaggregated with strains of T. denticola and Treponema socranskii subspecies socranskii, but did not coaggregate with T. socranskii subspecies buccale, T. socranskii subspecies paredis, Treponema vincentii, or Treponema pectinovorum.
Treponema socranskii---P. gingivalis cells coaggregated with strains of T. denticola and Treponema socranskii subspecies socranskii, but did not coaggregate with T. socranskii subspecies buccale, T. socranskii subspecies paredis, Treponema vincentii, or Treponema pectinovorum.
P. gingivalis---The extracted hemagglutinin from P. gingivalis was active agglutinating T. denticola cells.
P. gingivalis---Heat treatment of T. denticola cells did not reduce the coagregation: heat treatment of P. gingivalis cells eliminated it.
P. gingivalis---Strains of T. denticola ATCC 35404 and 35405 and T. vincentii inhibited the growth of some P. gingivalis strains, but not others.
P. gingivalis---The coaggregation observed between P. gingivalis and T. denticola indicates the potential importance of their simultaneous existence in human periodontal pockets and development of the disease.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Porphyromonas gingivalis, Bacteroides forsythus, Prevotella intermedia, Prevotella nigrescens, Campylobacter rectus, Treponema denticola and Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans in subgingival plaque samples from the patients were examined by indirect immunofluorescence microscopy.
C. rectus---P. gingivalis, T. denticola and C. rectus were found to be predominant in destructive sites.
P. gingivalis---P. gingivalis, T. denticola and C. rectus were found to be predominant in destructive sites.
C. rectus---In destructive sites, the prevalence of P. gingivalis and C. rectus was significantly correlated with elevated IgG antibody against these microorganisms in GCF.
P. gingivalis---In destructive sites, the prevalence of P. gingivalis and C. rectus was significantly correlated with elevated IgG antibody against these microorganisms in GCF.
C. rectus---No decrease in GCF IgG antibody was observed, but levels to P. gingivalis and C. rectus were significantly increased (p&lt;0.05).
P. gingivalis---No decrease in GCF IgG antibody was observed, but levels to P. gingivalis and C. rectus were significantly increased (p&lt;0.05).
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAdultAntibodies, BacterialBacteroidesCampylobacterChi-Square DistributionDental PlaqueDental Plaque IndexDental ScalingFemaleGingival Crevicular FluidHumansImmunoglobulin GMaleMiddle AgedPeriodontal IndexPeriodontal PocketPeriodontitisPorphyromonas gingivalisPrevotellaStatistics, NonparametricTreatment OutcomeTreponema
P. gingivalis---It was found that a protein estimated at approximately 57 kDa is a major antigen in the outer membrane of invasive P. gingivalis strains.
Saccharum officinarum---Policosanol is a natural mixture of higher primary aliphatic alcohols isolated and purified from sugar cane (Saccharum officinarum, L.) wax, whose main component is octacosanol.
Gardnerella vaginalis---[Gardnerella vaginalis: transport, microscopy, testing resistance]G. vaginalis is an important pathogen in the aetiology of bacterial vaginosis.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Bacteriological TechniquesClindamycinDose-Response Relationship, DrugDrug Resistance, MicrobialErythromycinFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHumansMetronidazoleMicrobial Sensitivity TestsSpecimen HandlingVaginal SmearsVaginosis, Bacterial
Basidiobolus ranarum---Effect of the fluorescent brightener Rylux BSU on the cell wall chitin content in Basidiobolus ranarum.
Basidiobolus ranarum---In Basidiobolus ranarum an artificial cell dimorphism was found if cultivated in presence of Rylux BSU previously.
Basidiobolus ranarum---We have found an increase of glucosamine content in purified cell walls of Basidiobolus ranarum grown in presence of Rylux BSU in SGA.
Basidiobolus ranarum---The results are discussed with the conclusion that not only the chitin synthesis but also the mechanisms of polarized growth are influenced if Basidiobolus ranarum is cultivated in presence of Rylux BSU.
M. radiata---To examine whether Indian monkeys are infected with hepatitis E virus (HEV) in nature, serum samples from wild rhesus (Macaca mullata), bonnet (M. radiata) and langur (Presbytes entellus) monkeys were screened for anti-HEV IgG antibodies in recombinant antigen-based ELISA assays.
Molluscum contagiosum---Molluscum contagiosum in Dutch general practice.
Molluscum contagiosum---Molluscum contagiosum should still be considered as a mainly paediatric disease.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Clinical applications of fermented milk with a mixture of Lactobacillus casei and Lactobacillus acidophilus in the prevention of gastrointestinal disorders are possible.
M. kansasii---Peripheral blood monocytes proved abnormally permissive to the intracellular growth of Mycobacterium avium and M. kansasii, and expressed normal number of receptors to interferon-gamma, but reduced numbers of receptors to granulocyte monocyte colony stimulating factor and tumor necrosis factor.
M. kansasii---In addition, administration of recombinant human GM-CSF in vivo (250 mg/M2 per day) for 10 days armed her circulating monocytes as evidenced by increased production of O2- in response to phorbol esther and, when infected ex vivo with M. kansasii, enhanced inhibition of intracellular growth compared with pre-therapy monocytes.
T. vaginalis---Numerous clinical studies have indicated that the most sensitive test for T. vaginalis is with culture.
Hyla japonica---Japanese tree frogs (Hyla japonica) were flown to the space station MIR and spent eight days in orbit during December, 1990.
Euglena gracilis---Many motile microorganisms including flagellates such as the green Euglena gracilis move up and down within the water column and use a number of external clues for their orientation, the most important of which may be light and gravity.
Euglena gracilis---While the photoreceptor for phototaxis has been identified in Euglena gracilis biochemically and spectroscopically, the gravireceptor is not yet known.
Euglena gracilis---Young cultures of Euglena gracilis show a positive gravitaxis, the ecological signficance of which is not yet understood while older cultures show negative gravitaxis.
Euglena gracilis---AnimalsCentrifugationEuglena gracilisGravitationGravity SensingHypergravityLightOrientationRotationSpace FlightWeightlessnessWeightlessness Simulation
Lyonia ovalifolia var---One of the most interesting samples was &quot;Miso-ushinai.&quot; This was identified as Lyonia ovalifolia var.
P. somniferum---The light saturation point in leaves of P. somniferum was about 900 micro molm-2sec-1 and the photosynthetic rate at the light saturation point was about 13.5 micro molm-2sec-1 between 23 and 28 degrees C in leaf temperature.
Tachypleus tridentatus---[Application of a bacterial endotoxin test for parenteral drugs]The Limulus test, which has been adopted as the Test for Bacterial Endotoxins in the JP XII, can detect or quantitate endotoxins of Gram-negative bacterial origin using blood corpuscle extracts (Limulus amebocyte lysate, LAL) of horseshoe crabs (Limulus polyphemus, Tachypleus tridentatus, etc.).
Lactobacillus plantarum---The degree of grinding, molasses concentration, process temperature, Lactobacillus plantarum inoculation, and utilization of tropical fruit wastes as a source of proteolytic enzymes were tested.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---The second was a symptomatic but it and the appendix showed transmural granulomatous inflammation caused by infection with Yersinia pseudotuberculosis.
P. gingivalis---Various properties of coaggregation between P. gingivalis and S. oralis were compared with those of fibrinogen-binding to P. gingivalis cells.
P. gingivalis---Heating treatment of P. gingivalis 381 cells at 75 degrees C abrogated the activities.
P. gingivalis---However, treatment of P. gingivalis 381 cells with proteinase K considerably reduced the fibrinogen-binding activity but not the coaggregation activity.
P. gingivalis---The results also indicated that P. gingivalis strains 381, ATCC 33277 and SU-3 showed relatively higher activities both in coaggregation and fibrinogen-binding, whereas P. gingivalis strains W83, 51 and 165 showing lower fibrinogen-binding activity than P. gingivalis 381 did not coaggregate with S. oralis ATCC 9811.
P. gingivalis---These findings suggest that coadhesin of P. gingivalis with S. oralis is not be associated with its fibrinogen-binding.
Saguinus oedipus---DRB, DQA, DQB and DPB nucleotide sequences of Saguinus oedipus B95-8.
B. bronchiseptica---On the basis of information from computer-assisted sequence comparison of the B. bronchiseptica 16S RRNA sequences with that of other bacterial species, we constructed B. bronchiseptica-specific oligonucleotide probes complementary to variable regions in the 16S rRNA molecule.
B. bronchiseptica---Specificity of these 32P-labeled oligo-nucleotide probes was tested in a RNA/DNA hybridization with B. bronchiseptica strains and other bacterial strains.
Fusobacterium necrophorum---Two udder hind quarters of ten pregnant heifers were inoculated experimentally with a combination of Actinomyces pyogenes, Peptostreptococcus indolicus and Fusobacterium necrophorum at a dose of 9 x 10(8) colony forming units (CFU) of each species of bacteria.
P. indolicus---The anaerobic bacteria (F. necrophorum and P. indolicus) were usually eliminated within four days, while A. pyogenes infections often persisted in the quarters.
P. indolicus---The six heifers which did not recover from the infection were continuously infected after calving, harbouring A. pyogenes in ten quarters, and P. indolicus and F. necrophorum each in three quarters.
Capreolus capreolus---Three species of sarcocysts are described by light and electron microscopy from the European badger (Meles meles): Sarcocystis hofmanni n. sp. (a species otherwise occurring in roe deer, Capreolus capreolus), S. sp., cf.
Fasciola gigantica---Several observations concerning cercarial sheddings of Fasciola gigantica from Lymnaea natalensis.
Lymnaea natalensis---Several observations concerning cercarial sheddings of Fasciola gigantica from Lymnaea natalensis.
Lymnaea natalensis---The shedding of cercariae from Lymnaea natalensis and their transformation into metacercariae occurred mainly at night, and 70.7% of the cysts were counted between 7 p.m. and 1 a.m.
Avitellina centripunctata---[Ultrastructural similarity of spermatozoa of some Cyclophyllidea]The mature spermatozoa of Cotugnia polyacantha, Raillietina (R) tunetensis, Inermicapsifer madagascariensis and Avitellina centripunctata have an almost identical ultrastructural organization.
A. funestus---A total of 14.578 adult mosquitos potential vectors of filariasis was collected: 94.5% Culex quinquefasciatus, 3.5% Anopheles gambiae s. str. 1.9% A. funestus and 0.1% other anopheline species.
A. funestus---A. funestus, uniformly spread in Moheli, was present only in the south-west coast of Anjouan and absent in Grande Comore.
Capreolus capreolus---[The colonization of forested areas by Ixodes ricinus (Linn, 1758) in France: use of the roe deer, Capreolus capreolus (L. 1758) as a biological marker]The roe-deer is a wild animal for which Ixodes ricinus has a particular fondness.
Lymnaea truncatula---The chemical and biological control of Lymnaea truncatula in natural watercress beds in the Limousin region (France).
L. palustris---Elimination of other aquatic pulmonate snails was effected in two years for L. glabra, in 3 years for L. palustris, and in only one year for Physa acuta.
M. fuscata fuscata---G. pulchrum was found in M. fuscata yakui monkeys inhabiting Yaku-shima and M. fuscata fuscata monkeys inhabiting Honshu and an is and near Honshu.
M. fuscata yakui---G. pulchrum was found in M. fuscata yakui monkeys inhabiting Yaku-shima and M. fuscata fuscata monkeys inhabiting Honshu and an is and near Honshu.
M. fuscata yakui---G. macrogubernaculum was found in M. fuscata yakui monkeys.
M. fuscata yakui---Comparison of the two kinds of parasite specimens obtained from the variety M. fuscata yakui confirmed that G. macrogubernaculum Lubimov, 1931 is a valid species.
M. fuscata yakui---M. fuscata yakui, and shows that Yaku-shima, Japan, is a natural locality of G. macrogubernaculum.
B. buckleyi---This paper is the first large-scale molecular phylogenetic study on filarial parasites (family Onchocercidae) which includes 16 species of 6 genera: Brugia beaveri Ash et Little, 1962, B. buckleyi Dissanaike et Paramananthan, 1961; B. malayi (Brug, 1927) Buckley, 1960; B. pahangi (Buckley et Edeson, 1956) Buckley, 1960; B. patei (Buckley, Nelson et Heisch, 1958) Buckley, 1960; B. timori Partono et al, 1977; Wuchereria bancrofti (Cobbold, 1877) Seurat, 1921: W. kalimantani Palmieri.
B. malayi---This paper is the first large-scale molecular phylogenetic study on filarial parasites (family Onchocercidae) which includes 16 species of 6 genera: Brugia beaveri Ash et Little, 1962, B. buckleyi Dissanaike et Paramananthan, 1961; B. malayi (Brug, 1927) Buckley, 1960; B. pahangi (Buckley et Edeson, 1956) Buckley, 1960; B. patei (Buckley, Nelson et Heisch, 1958) Buckley, 1960; B. timori Partono et al, 1977; Wuchereria bancrofti (Cobbold, 1877) Seurat, 1921: W. kalimantani Palmieri.
B. pahangi---This paper is the first large-scale molecular phylogenetic study on filarial parasites (family Onchocercidae) which includes 16 species of 6 genera: Brugia beaveri Ash et Little, 1962, B. buckleyi Dissanaike et Paramananthan, 1961; B. malayi (Brug, 1927) Buckley, 1960; B. pahangi (Buckley et Edeson, 1956) Buckley, 1960; B. patei (Buckley, Nelson et Heisch, 1958) Buckley, 1960; B. timori Partono et al, 1977; Wuchereria bancrofti (Cobbold, 1877) Seurat, 1921: W. kalimantani Palmieri.
Brugia beaveri---This paper is the first large-scale molecular phylogenetic study on filarial parasites (family Onchocercidae) which includes 16 species of 6 genera: Brugia beaveri Ash et Little, 1962, B. buckleyi Dissanaike et Paramananthan, 1961; B. malayi (Brug, 1927) Buckley, 1960; B. pahangi (Buckley et Edeson, 1956) Buckley, 1960; B. patei (Buckley, Nelson et Heisch, 1958) Buckley, 1960; B. timori Partono et al, 1977; Wuchereria bancrofti (Cobbold, 1877) Seurat, 1921: W. kalimantani Palmieri.
Acanthocheilonema viteae---Purnomo, Dennis and Marwoto, 1980: Mansonella perstans (Manson, 1891) Eberhard et Orihel, 1984; loa loc, Stiles, 1905; Onchocerca volvulus (Leuckart, 1983) Railliet er Henry, 1910; O. ochengi Bwangamoi, 1969; O. gutturosa Neumann, 1910; Dirofilaria immitis (Leidy, 1856) Railliet e Henry, 1911; Acanthocheilonema viteae (Krepkogorskaya, 1933) Bain, Baker et Chabaud, 1982 and Litomosoides sigmodontis Chandler, 1931.
O. gutturosa---Purnomo, Dennis and Marwoto, 1980: Mansonella perstans (Manson, 1891) Eberhard et Orihel, 1984; loa loc, Stiles, 1905; Onchocerca volvulus (Leuckart, 1983) Railliet er Henry, 1910; O. ochengi Bwangamoi, 1969; O. gutturosa Neumann, 1910; Dirofilaria immitis (Leidy, 1856) Railliet e Henry, 1911; Acanthocheilonema viteae (Krepkogorskaya, 1933) Bain, Baker et Chabaud, 1982 and Litomosoides sigmodontis Chandler, 1931.
C. omissa---Genus Coronacanthus Spassky, 1954 contains three species--C. integra (Hamann, 1891), C. omissa (Baer et Joyeux 1943) and C. vassilevi Genov, 1980--but larval stages of only first two species were described before.
Aelurostrongylus abstrusus---Evidence of alae in Aelurostrongylus abstrusus larvae examined by scanning electron microscope (SEM).
Aelurostrongylus abstrusus---Aelurostrongylus abstrusus larvae lateral alae, previously noticed in cat lung sections, are described by SEM in larvae found in the faeces of an infected cat.
Acanthocheilonema viteae---Some preliminary data on the nature/structure of the PC-glycan of the major excretory-secretory product of Acanthocheilonema viteae (ES-62).
Acanthocheilonema viteae---The structure of the PC-glycan of the major excretory-secretory product (ES-62) of Acanthocheilonema viteae has been investigated using endoglycosidases and lectins.
Acanthocheilonema viteae---The development of six filariae of the sub-family Onchocercinae-Litomosoides sigmodontis, Acanthocheilonema viteae, Molinema dessetae, Monanema martini, Brugia malayi, B. pahangi-was compared in rodents, following a single inoculation of a low or high dose of infective larvae.
Brugia malayi---The development of six filariae of the sub-family Onchocercinae-Litomosoides sigmodontis, Acanthocheilonema viteae, Molinema dessetae, Monanema martini, Brugia malayi, B. pahangi-was compared in rodents, following a single inoculation of a low or high dose of infective larvae.
B. beaveri---This paper is the first molecular phylogenetic study on Brugia parasites (family Onchocercidae) which includes 6 of the 10 species of this genus: B. beaveri Ash et Little, 1964; B. buckleyi Dissanaike et Paramananthan, 1961: B. malayi (Brug, 1927) Buckley, 1960; B. pahangi (Buckley et Edeson, 1956) Buckley, 1960; B. patei (Buckley, Nelson er Heisch, 1958) Buckley, 1960 and B. timori Partono et al., 1977.
B. buckleyi---This paper is the first molecular phylogenetic study on Brugia parasites (family Onchocercidae) which includes 6 of the 10 species of this genus: B. beaveri Ash et Little, 1964; B. buckleyi Dissanaike et Paramananthan, 1961: B. malayi (Brug, 1927) Buckley, 1960; B. pahangi (Buckley et Edeson, 1956) Buckley, 1960; B. patei (Buckley, Nelson er Heisch, 1958) Buckley, 1960 and B. timori Partono et al., 1977.
B. malayi---This paper is the first molecular phylogenetic study on Brugia parasites (family Onchocercidae) which includes 6 of the 10 species of this genus: B. beaveri Ash et Little, 1964; B. buckleyi Dissanaike et Paramananthan, 1961: B. malayi (Brug, 1927) Buckley, 1960; B. pahangi (Buckley et Edeson, 1956) Buckley, 1960; B. patei (Buckley, Nelson er Heisch, 1958) Buckley, 1960 and B. timori Partono et al., 1977.
B. pahangi---This paper is the first molecular phylogenetic study on Brugia parasites (family Onchocercidae) which includes 6 of the 10 species of this genus: B. beaveri Ash et Little, 1964; B. buckleyi Dissanaike et Paramananthan, 1961: B. malayi (Brug, 1927) Buckley, 1960; B. pahangi (Buckley et Edeson, 1956) Buckley, 1960; B. patei (Buckley, Nelson er Heisch, 1958) Buckley, 1960 and B. timori Partono et al., 1977.
B. malayi---It was also noted that the Hha l repeat sequences obtained from B. malayi were identical to those obtained from B. timori, indicating very recent speciation.
Echinococcus multilocularis---Specific cellular and humoral immune responses induced by different antigen preparations of Echinococcus multilocularis metacestodes in patients with alveolar echinococcosis.
Peroderma cylindricum---[Biosystematic study of two populations of teleosts (Sardina pilchardus) and their copepod parasites (Peroderma cylindricum) from the Tunisian coast]A genetic analysis realized, on Tunisian coasts, within and between two populations of a Teleostean (Sardina pilchardus) on one hand, and two populations of their parasitic Copepods (Peroderma cylindricum) on the other hand, reveal that: (l) the 14 loci analysed are monomorphic in the Teleostean populations; (II) 3 loci among 13 investigated are polymorphic in the Copepod populations.
Sardina pilchardus---[Biosystematic study of two populations of teleosts (Sardina pilchardus) and their copepod parasites (Peroderma cylindricum) from the Tunisian coast]A genetic analysis realized, on Tunisian coasts, within and between two populations of a Teleostean (Sardina pilchardus) on one hand, and two populations of their parasitic Copepods (Peroderma cylindricum) on the other hand, reveal that: (l) the 14 loci analysed are monomorphic in the Teleostean populations; (II) 3 loci among 13 investigated are polymorphic in the Copepod populations.
Peroderma cylindricum---Thus, it seems that the Teleostean (Sardina pilchardus) and the Copepod (Peroderma cylindricum) constitute at least on Tunisian coasts, two homogeneous taxinomic units.
Sardina pilchardus---Thus, it seems that the Teleostean (Sardina pilchardus) and the Copepod (Peroderma cylindricum) constitute at least on Tunisian coasts, two homogeneous taxinomic units.
P. perniciosus---Twenty-five dogs (beagles) were infected with Leishmania infantum by the intradermal inoculation of an estimated 5-8,000 metacyclic promastigotes harvested from the midguts of 320 experimentally infected P. perniciosus.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Intestinal co-infection by Cyclospora sp. and Cryptosporidium parvum: first report in an AIDS patient.
Cryptosporidium parvum---We describe the first case of Cyclospora sp. and Cryptosporidium parvum associated diarrhoeal enteritis in an adult AIDS patient.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AIDS-Related Opportunistic InfectionsAdultAnimalsCoccidiosisCryptosporidiosisCryptosporidium parvumDiarrheaEucoccidiidaFecesHumansMale
Fasciola hepatica---Fasciola hepatica: a study of the shedding of cercariae from Lymnaea truncatula raised under constant conditions of temperature and photoperiod.
Lymnaea truncatula---Fasciola hepatica: a study of the shedding of cercariae from Lymnaea truncatula raised under constant conditions of temperature and photoperiod.
Fasciola hepatica---Investigations on the shedding of cercariae of Fasciola hepatica were carried out in Lymnaea truncatula in order to verify the existence of a low-frequency periodicity in the numerical distribution of metacercariae per snail and per day when the snails are raised under controlled conditions.
Lymnaea truncatula---Investigations on the shedding of cercariae of Fasciola hepatica were carried out in Lymnaea truncatula in order to verify the existence of a low-frequency periodicity in the numerical distribution of metacercariae per snail and per day when the snails are raised under controlled conditions.
Fasciola hepatica---AnimalsCattleDisease VectorsFasciola hepaticaLymnaeaPhotoperiodTemperature
Fusobacterium nucleatum---BACKGROUND: Fusobacterium nucleatum and Capnocytophaga species are common oral pathogens and infrequent causes of systemic infection in patients with compromised immunity or disrupted mucosal integrity.
Acanthophis antarcticus---Anticholinesterases as antidotes to envenomation of rats by the death adder (Acanthophis antarcticus).
Homarus americanus---The hepatopancreases from lobsters (Homarus americanus) obtained from two locations in eastern Canada (Gasp and Bay of Fundy) were analysed for paralytic shellfish poisons (PSP) before and after the shellfish were cooked by boiling or steaming.
Actinia equina---The humoral and cellular immune response to a lipid attenuated pore-forming toxin from the sea anemone Actinia equina L.The immunogenicity of a pore-forming polypeptide, equinatoxin II, from the sea anemone Actinia equina was studied after attenuation of the toxin's lethal and cytolytic activity by autologous polar lipids.
Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii---The toxin was identical in all respects to a recently reported hepatotoxin, cylindrospermopsin, isolated from an Australian tropical cyanobacterium Cylindrospermopsis raciborskii.
Calloselasma rhodostoma---The therapeutic effects of antithrombin III (AT-III) and unrefined equine antivenom in the treatment of coagulopathy induced by Malayan pit viper (Calloselasma rhodostoma) venom were assessed in 42 adult Wistar rats.
Cavia porcellus---Changes induced by beta-methyl digoxin acute administration]In this study we describe the normal electrocardiogram of the Guinea pig (Cavia porcellus), including the correlation between cardiac frequency and the Q-T interval.
Arabidopsis thaliana---The seed embryo of Arabidopsis thaliana, the favorite plant of up-to-date molecular developmental biology, represents a valuable model system for space radiation research with heavy ions.
Spirulina platensis---The purpose of this study concerns the nature of photosynthetic rate in a well-defined hydrodynamic shear flow of Spirulina platensis suspension, generated in a double rotating coaxial cylinders.
Methanosarcina barkeri---The carbon isotope effects associated with synthesis of methane from acetate have been determined for Methanosarcina barkeri 227 and for methanogenic archaea in sediments of Wintergreen Lake, Michigan.
Methanosarcina barkeri---AcetatesCarbon DioxideCarbon IsotopesFresh WaterGeologic SedimentsMethaneMethanosarcina barkeriMichiganModels, Biological
Chloroflexus aurantiacus---Though Chloroflexus aurantiacus also contains MG, DG, and PG, the fatty acid chain lengths of mat MGs, DGs, and PGs resemble more those of cyanobacterial than green nonsulfur bacterial lipids.
Heliobacillus mobilis---Spectroscopic evidence for the presence of an iron-sulfur center similar to Fx of Photosystem I in Heliobacillus mobilis.
Heliobacillus mobilis---Treatment of membranes of Heliobacillus mobilis with high concentrations of the chaotropic agent urea resulted in the removal of the iron-sulfur centers FA and FB from the reaction center, as indicated by EPR spectra under strongly reducing conditions.
Arabidopsis thaliana---This article highlights the first results of investigations on the general vitality and damage endpoints caused by cosmic ionizing radiation in dry, dormant plant seeds of the crucifer plant Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heynh.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Under orbital conditions biological stress is induced in dry seeds of Arabidopsis thaliana by cosmic radiation especially its high energetic, densely ionizing component, the heavy ions (HZE).
B. subtilis---Endpoints investigated are histidine reversion (B. subtilis, S. typhimurium), azide resistance (B. subtilis), mutation in the lactose operon (E. coli), SOS chromotest (E. coli) and lambda-prophage induction (E. coli).
Arabidopsis thaliana---The role of cosmic ionizing radiation, including heavy ions (HZE-particles) in the induction of mutations at the molecule-, chromosome-, genome- and cell-level is discussed on the basis of different DNA organization in a pro- and eukaryotically compartmented plant system (Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heynh.).
Arabidopsis thaliana---Results presented from recent space flight BION 9 show biological effects of different LET-classes of HZE-particles in different target regions of the seed (meristem and the whole embryo) of Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heyhn.
Treponema pallidum---We tested each unit for serum ALT, anti-HIV1 + 2, HBsAG, anti-HBc, anti-HCV, and Treponema pallidum antibodies (TPHA test).
Treponema pallidum---AdolescentAdultAgedAged, 80 and overAntibodies, BacterialBlood DonorsBlood Transfusion, AutologousChildFemaleHIV AntibodiesHIV-1HIV-2Hepatitis B Surface AntigensHepatitis B e AntigensHepatitis C AntibodiesHumansMaleMiddle AgedSurgical Procedures, ElectiveTreponema pallidum
C. albicans---Retention of acquired resistance to C. albicans by mice during short term immunosuppression.
C. albicans---Forty inbred BALB/c mice (experimental mice) were exposed to C. albicans (5 x 10(6)cfu/ml) for a period of three days via their drinking water on two consecutive occasions.
C. albicans---Thirty control mice which had not been in contact with C. albicans received a similar dosage of cyclophosphamide.
C. albicans---Three days later both groups were inoculated with C. albicans as described above.
C. albicans---This pattern indicates that mice, which had been infected with C. albicans prior to immunosuppression, could retain some resistance to C. albicans during the suppressed phase.
C. albicans---There was no significant difference in the prevalence of Lactobacillus and C. albicans in the three groups.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Anti-Infective Agents, LocalBiological ProductsChronic DiseaseCombined Modality TherapyDrug EvaluationHumansLactobacillus acidophilusPeriodontal PocketPeriodontitisSuspensionsTime Factors
T. vaginalis---Although primary treatment failure was common when isolates of T. vaginalis had aerobic MLC values of > 18 micrograms/ml or anaerobic MLC values > 5.5 micrograms/ml, two cases with isolates having high MLC values (aerobic: 20 micrograms/ml, anaerobic: 5 micrograms/ml) responded well to the standard treatment.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans was recovered with 48% frequency of periodontitis group.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Other cultivable species including Campylobacter rectus, Capnocytophaga species, Centipeda periodontii, Eikenella corrodens, Fusobacterium nucleatum, Prevotella intermedia, Selenomonas species, and the Spirochetes were detected in a significantly higher proportion in periodontitis group.
B. cereus---Therefore, presence of B. cereus in the feces of healthy adults may be unpredictable and relate to foods consumed or to other factors.
B. cereus---Obviously, an isolation rate of B. cereus as high as 30% during the outbreak investigation is still not a strong evidence to implicate this organism as an etiological agent.
V. parahaemolyticus---In conclusion, this 43-kDa protease of V. parahaemolyticus was an unstable neutral chymotrypsin-like metalloprotease; Ca2+ and/or Fe2+ was essential for its activity or stability.
B. fragilis---Thirty strains of clindamycin-resistant (including multi-resistant) B. fragilis were collected for study of cross-resistance to beta-lactam agents and beta-lactam--beta-lactamase inhibitor and resistance transferability.
B. fragilis---However, the results suggest that non-plasmid-mediated transfer accounted for the majority of the transfers of clindamycin-resistance of B. fragilis in this study.
B. fragilis---Therefore, non-plasmid-mediated transfer may play an important role in dissemination of resistance transfer in B. fragilis in Taiwan.
Rivulus cylindraceus---[Capacity of the eggs of the larva-eating Rivulus cylindraceus fish, Poey 1860, for resisting desiccation.
Rivulus cylindraceus---Possible use as a bioregulator of mosquito larvae in temporary reservoirs]The capacity of the eggs of the Rivulus cylindraceus larvivorous fish to resist partial desiccation for a certain period of time is described.
R. cylindraceus---Some characteristics of the R. cylindraceus, which place it among the annual fishes to be used as biological control agents, are described.
R. cylindraceus---The use of R. cylindraceus as bioregulator in permanent as well as temporary reservoirs is proposed.
Fasciola hepatica---[Behavior of abiotic factors and rhythm of emission of cercaria of Fasciola hepatica in Fossaria cubensis in transmission sites]Sampling of Fossaria cubensis, main host of Fasciola hepatica in Cuba was carried out in 3 transmission sites.
Fossaria cubensis---[Behavior of abiotic factors and rhythm of emission of cercaria of Fasciola hepatica in Fossaria cubensis in transmission sites]Sampling of Fossaria cubensis, main host of Fasciola hepatica in Cuba was carried out in 3 transmission sites.
Fasciola hepatica---Animal HusbandryAnimalsFasciola hepaticaHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationLife Cycle StagesNitratesNitritesPopulation DensityQuaternary Ammonium CompoundsSnails
Biomphalaria havanensis---[Study of the molluscicide activity of different plants on Biomphalaria havanensis, potential intermediary host of schistosomiasis in Cuba]Various experimental studies were carried out with plants of the Compositae, Verbenaceae, Polygonaceae and Agavaceae families to determine their molluscicidal capacity.
Biomphalaria havanensis---Molluscicidal activity on Biomphalaria havanensis was detected in plants of the Agavaceae family.
A. franzosinii---These were: LD50 = 12.45 and LD90 = 22.88 mL/L, for A. fourcroydes and LD50 = 8.78 and LD90 = 15.91 mL/L, for A. franzosinii.
C. quinquefasciatus---After 5 years of using pyrethroids such as deltametrine and lambda cialotrine, these are still useful agents for the control of C. quinquefasciatus; the alternate use of these and pyrimiphos-methyl or chlorpyriphos could prevent the development of resistance in a short or medium term.
Aedes albopictus---[Establishment of a subline of C6/36 adapted to growing in a serum-free medium and its usefulness for studies on the dengue virus]Using the C6/36 clone of the Aedes albopictus cell line, a derived cell line was obtained capable of growing in a commercial serum-free medium facilitating this line to keep its morphologic characteristics and adhesion capacity.
Methylococcus capsulatus---The methanotrophic bacteria Methylococcus capsulatus and Methylomonas methanica, grown on methane and using the RuMP cycle for carbon assimilation, show maximum 13C fractionation of approximately 30% in the resultant biomass.
M. capsulatus---In M. capsulatus, the maximum fractionation is observed in the earliest part of the exponential growth stage and decreases to approximately 16% as cells approach stationary phase.
M. capsulatus---Biomass of M. capsulatus grown on methanol was depleted by 9% compared to the substrate.
Arabidopsis thaliana---An important goal with plant experiments in microgravity is to achieve a complete life cycle, the &quot;seed-to-seed experiment.&quot; Some Soviet attempts to reach this goal are described, notably an experiment with the tiny mustard, Arabidopsis thaliana, in the Phyton 3 device on Salyut 7.
Triticum aestivum---In recent work, plants of wheat (Triticum aestivum) were studied on the ground and then in a preliminary experiment in space.
Tribolium castaneum---Genetic control of early embryogenesis in the red flour beetle, Tribolium castaneum.
Tribolium castaneum---We are studying the genetic regulation of embryogenesis in the red flour beetle, Tribolium castaneum.
Euglena gracilis---Effects of heavy metals on motility and gravitactic orientation of the flagellate, Euglena gracilis.
Euglena gracilis---The effects of copper, mercury, cadmium and lead on the gravitactic orientation of the photosynthetic flagellate Euglena gracilis were investigated.
Euglena gracilis---AnimalsDose-Response Relationship, DrugEuglena gracilisGravity SensingMetals, HeavyMotor ActivityMovementOrientationSwimmingTime Factors
Chloroflexus aurantiacus---Chloroflexus aurantiacus Y-400-fl SSU rRNA was detected only in a high-temperature mat sample from the alkaline Octopus Spring or when lower-temperature samples from this mat were incubated at the high-temperature site.
A. foetida---Rhombifoline and 5,6-dehydrolupanine from Anagyrus foetida L.Rhombifoline and 5,6-dehydrolupanine were isolated for the first time from the leaves and stems of A. foetida L. indigenous to Saudi Arabia.
Anagyrus foetida---Rhombifoline and 5,6-dehydrolupanine from Anagyrus foetida L.Rhombifoline and 5,6-dehydrolupanine were isolated for the first time from the leaves and stems of A. foetida L. indigenous to Saudi Arabia.
A. foetidia---In addition, five other alkaloids, previously identified in A. foetidia L., namely N-methylcytisine, sparteine, anagyrine, lupanine and cytisine, were isolated.
Ganoderma lucidum---Antimicrobial activity of Ganoderma lucidum extract alone and in combination with some antibiotics.
Ganoderma lucidum---Antimicrobial activity of GL (the aqueous extract from the carpophores of Ganoderma lucidum (FR)KARST) was tested in vitro against Gram positive and Gram negative bacteria by serial broth dilution method, and the antimicrobial activity was expressed by minimal inhibitory concentration (MIC).
Paulownia tomentosa---Antibacterial phenylpropanoid glycosides from Paulownia tomentosa Steud.
Paulownia tomentosa---The butanol extract of Paulownia tomentosa stem showed antibacterial activity against Staphylococcus aureus (SG511, 285 and 503), Streptococcus pyogenes (A308 and A77) and Streptococcus faecium MD8b etc.
C. albicans---A series of 6-[N-(halophenyl)amino]-7-chloro-5,8-quinolinedione derivatives 1-10 were tested for antifungal susceptibilities, in vitro, against pathogenic Candida species such as C. albicans, C. glabrata, C. krusei, C. parapsilosis and C. tropicalis.
C. glabrata---A series of 6-[N-(halophenyl)amino]-7-chloro-5,8-quinolinedione derivatives 1-10 were tested for antifungal susceptibilities, in vitro, against pathogenic Candida species such as C. albicans, C. glabrata, C. krusei, C. parapsilosis and C. tropicalis.
C. tropicalis---A series of 6-[N-(halophenyl)amino]-7-chloro-5,8-quinolinedione derivatives 1-10 were tested for antifungal susceptibilities, in vitro, against pathogenic Candida species such as C. albicans, C. glabrata, C. krusei, C. parapsilosis and C. tropicalis.
C. tropicalis---All derivatives 1-10 had specially potent activities against C. tropicalis.
Ambystoma maculatum---Larvae of the spotted salamander Ambystoma maculatum (family Ambystomatidae) were raised from eggs with (= control) and without (= experimental) access to the air-water interface.
Ambystoma mexicanum---We have discovered a series of expansion and contraction, solitary waves that correlate with discrete steps of differentiation in the urodele amphibian axolotl embryo (Ambystoma mexicanum).
Ambystoma mexicanum---Ambystoma mexicanumAnimalsBody PatterningEmbryonic DevelopmentGastrula
Diatraea grandiosella---The southwestern corn borer, Diatraea grandiosella Dyar, is a major pest of corn, Zea mays L., in the southern United States.
Erinaceus europaeus---Identification and characterization of trypsin, chymotrypsin and elastase inhibitors in the hedgehog, Erinaceus europaeus, and their immunological relationships to those of other mammals (rat, pig and human).
Otomys irroratus---A comparative study of calcium and bicarbonate in the urine was carried out on the subterranean mole rat Cryptomys hottenttus and the terrestrial vlei rat Otomys irroratus.
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---High positive supercoiling in vitro catalyzed by an ATP and polyethylene glycol-stimulated topoisomerase from Sulfolobus acidocaldarius.
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---A topoisomerase able to introduce positive supercoils in a closed circular DNA, has been isolated from the archaebacterium Sulfolobus acidocaldarius.
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---Finally, the different ATP-driven topoisomerizations observed, i.e., relaxation of negative supercoils and positive supercoiling, in all cases increased the linking number of DNA in steps of 1, suggesting the action of a type I, rather than a type II topoisomerase.=Adenosine TriphosphateDNA Topoisomerases, Type II, ArchaealDNA, ArchaealDNA, CircularEnzyme ActivationNucleic Acid ConformationPolyethylene GlycolsSulfolobus acidocaldarius
Saguinus oedipus---Characterization of spontaneous colitis in cotton-top tamarins (Saguinus oedipus) and its response to sulfasalazine.
Aotus trivirgatus---AnimalsAotus trivirgatusBiopsyCallithrixCallitrichinaeColitisDouble-Blind MethodDrug Evaluation, PreclinicalFecesFemaleIntestinal MucosaMacaca fascicularisMacaca mulattaMaleRectumSaguinusSaimiriSulfasalazine
Aotus trivirgatus---Heterogeneity of colonic mucin glycoprotein was examined in rectal mucosal biopsy specimens from a variety of primate species (Saguinus oedipus, n = 18; Macaca mulatta, n = 2; Macaca fascicularis, n = 2; Aotus trivirgatus, n = 2; Saimiri sciureus, n = 2; and Callithrix jacchus, n = 2).
Saguinus oedipus---Heterogeneity of colonic mucin glycoprotein was examined in rectal mucosal biopsy specimens from a variety of primate species (Saguinus oedipus, n = 18; Macaca mulatta, n = 2; Macaca fascicularis, n = 2; Aotus trivirgatus, n = 2; Saimiri sciureus, n = 2; and Callithrix jacchus, n = 2).
Aotus trivirgatus---AnimalsAotus trivirgatusBiopsyCallithrixCallitrichinaeChromatography, DEAE-CelluloseColitisColonIntestinal MucosaMacaca fascicularisMacaca mulattaMucinsRectumSaguinusSaimiri
Treponema pallidum---Characterization of monoclonal antibodies to Treponema pallidum.
Treponema pallidum---Thirteen hybrid cell lines which produce mouse monoclonal antibodies to Treponema pallidum, the causative agent of syphilis, have been established.
T. pallidum---All of the monoclonal antibodies react with T. pallidum, Nichols strain, in ELISA and in immunofluorescence assays, but do not react with normal rabbit testicular tissue in the ELISA.
T. pallidum---The remaining 11 antibodies react with four recently isolated strains of T. pallidum, but with none of the related nonpathogens nor with Borrelia or Leptospira.
T. pallidum---Thus, our results to date indicate that these monoclonal antibodies may identify antigenic determinants that are specific either for T. pallidum alone or for those treponemes which are pathogenic for humans.
T. pallidum---We anticipate potential usefulness of these antibodies in the investigation of the antigenic structure of T. pallidum, the taxonomic study of the pathogenic and nonpathogenic treponemes, and in the diagnosis of syphilis.
Treponema pallidum---AnimalsAntibodies, MonoclonalAntigens, BacterialEnzyme-Linked Immunosorbent AssayFemaleFluorescent Antibody TechniqueMaleMiceMice, Inbred BALB CRabbitsSpecies SpecificityTestisTreponemaTreponema pallidum
Ictalurus punctatus---Antiprotozoan activity of nonspecific cytotoxic cells (NCC) from the channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus).
Ictalurus punctatus---Nonspecific cytotoxic cells (NCC) obtained from channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus) kill Tetrahymena pyriformis, an opportunistic parasite in fish.
Echinococcus multilocularis---A total of 24 cases of hepatic alveolar echinococcosis (HAE) due to Echinococcus multilocularis was assessed by US and CT.
Drosophila mercatorum---In a normal bisexual laboratory strain of Drosophila mercatorum, females housed with either fertile or sterile males lay more eggs than do females housed in pairs or as isolates.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Vaginal colonization with other sexually transmitted microorganisms (Mycoplasma hominis, Ureaplasma urealyticum, Trichomonas vaginalis) was noted more often among women with chlamydial infection than among uninfected women.
Corynebacterium minutissimum---Embolic retinopathy due to Corynebacterium minutissimum endocarditis.
Corynebacterium minutissimum---The infective organism, Corynebacterium minutissimum, has not been previously found to cause ocular or multisystem diseases.
Saguinus oedipus oedipus---Ten cases of spontaneous adenocarcinoma of the colon were observed in first-generation Saguinus oedipus oedipus born and raised under defined colony conditions.
Corynebacterium parvum---For adult C57BL/6J mice, a single immunization with MuLV-induced leukemia cells was not effective; either cells plus Bacillus Calmette-Gurin or Corynebacterium parvum, or else two immunizations with irradiated leukemia cells were needed to produce statistically significant increases in the values of the doses of challenge cells which produced 50% tumor deaths.
C. parvum---For newborn mice, a single injection of irradiated leukemia cells provided 1.3 to 1.5 logs of protection, and admixture of B. Calmette-Gurin or C. parvum increased this protection to 2.4 to 2.7 logs.
C. parvum---A single injection of formalin-treated isogenic leukemia cells admixed with C. parvum provided between 1.7 and 2.8 logs of protection.
Paracentrotus lividus---An increase in the amount of cytoplasmic filamentous structures (cytoplasmic matrix and aster) which were recovered after hexylene glycol/Triton X-100 treatment of sea urchin eggs (Paracentrotus lividus) activated by 0.2-2.5 mM procaine was observed.
Arbacia punctulata---In Arbacia punctulata, four high molecular weight (HMW) proteins are detected on the surface of isolated micromeres--but not on mesomere-macromere fractions.
P. polycephalum---Notwithstanding a change in cell type in the life cycle of P. polycephalum, myxamoebae and tiny plasmodia showed a similar time pattern of locomotion, exhibiting oscillations having a mixture of several periods.
A. proteus---Macrophages and A. proteus also oscillated with periods of a few minutes.
A. proteus---Cell fragments of A. proteus containing fewer granules oscillated more slowly and with a larger amplitude than those containing more granules.
B. pumilus---In common with the inducible cat elements of pC194 and B. pumilus, the 5' non-coding region of the cat of pC221 contains an inverted complementary repeat ('stem-loop' or 'hairpin') which may sequester the predicted ribosome bonding site of the mRNA.
B. subtilis---The likely transcription initiation site has been determined in vitro using purified B. subtilis RNA polymerase.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---The effect of Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum on hamster egg in vitro penetration by human spermatozoa.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Ureaplasma urealyticum serotypes 4, 8, and 6 showed high interfering activity: 6.3% (P less than 0.01), 12.3%, and 14.5%, respectively, against the 55.6% penetration rate of untreated sperm.
Panagrellus redivivus---Some of the endoreduplications that occur in the intestinal and hypodermal lineages of C. elegans may correspond to nuclear or cellular divisions in another nematode Panagrellus redivivus (P. W. Sternberg and H. R. Horvitz, Dev.
Arbacia punctulata---Previous in vivo studies using drugs that inhibit the N-glycosylation of proteins have demonstrated that newly synthesized N-linked glycoproteins are required for gastrulation in embryos of two species of sea urchins, Strongylocentrotus purpuratus and Arbacia punctulata.
S. purpuratus---To understand the biochemical events regulating glycoprotein synthesis during gastrulation in S. purpuratus embryos, we examined the in vitro activities of enzymes catalyzing several of the early steps in N-linked glycoprotein synthesis.
Carassius auratus---Effect of insulin on meiosis reinitiation induced in vitro by three progestogens in oocytes of the goldfish (Carassius auratus).
Carassius auratus---Three progestogens were tested for their ability to elicit meiosis reinitiation as evidenced by germinal vesicle dissolution (GVD) in goldfish (Carassius auratus) follicle-enclosed oocytes in vitro.
C. albicans---With increasing surface free energy of resin plates, increasing adherence of C. albicans and decreasing adherence of C. tropicalis were observed.
C. tropicalis---With increasing surface free energy of resin plates, increasing adherence of C. albicans and decreasing adherence of C. tropicalis were observed.
C. albicans---The surface free energy of C. albicans is higher than that of all resin material surfaces, and C. tropicalis has surface free energy lower than that of all materials used.
C. tropicalis---The surface free energy of C. albicans is higher than that of all resin material surfaces, and C. tropicalis has surface free energy lower than that of all materials used.
Coxiella burnetii---Suppression of in vitro lymphocyte proliferation in C57BL/10 ScN mice vaccinated with phase I Coxiella burnetii.
Coxiella burnetii---The effect of inactivated phase I and phase II Coxiella burnetii whole cell vaccine (WCV) on the response of murine spleen cells to mitogenic and antigenic stimuli was evaluated in C57BL/10 ScN endotoxin nonresponder mice with an in vitro lymphocyte proliferation assay.
R. prowazekii---Hence, the cloned rickettsial gene product in E. coli corresponds to a protein of similar size in R. prowazekii.
Actinomyces naeslundii---We screened 36 strains of Streptococcus sanguis biotype I and 8 strains of S. sanguis biotype II for the presence of surface structures and for their ability to coaggregate with Actinomyces viscosus, Actinomyces naeslundii, and Fusobacterium nucleatum.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---We screened 36 strains of Streptococcus sanguis biotype I and 8 strains of S. sanguis biotype II for the presence of surface structures and for their ability to coaggregate with Actinomyces viscosus, Actinomyces naeslundii, and Fusobacterium nucleatum.
A. naeslundii---Freshly isolated fibrillar strains coaggregated consistently well with A. viscosus and A. naeslundii, although some fibrillar reference strains lacked the ability.
A. viscosus---Freshly isolated fibrillar strains coaggregated consistently well with A. viscosus and A. naeslundii, although some fibrillar reference strains lacked the ability.
F. nucleatum---Coaggregation with F. nucleatum was very strong for the fibrillar strains, but less strong for the tufted strains.
Treponema pallidum---Mucoid fluid accumulating within syphilitic lesions has been considered to be of Treponema pallidum origin.
T. pallidum---To test this assumption, we examined testicular exudative fluids from T. pallidum-infected rabbits for the presence of T. pallidum antigens by various sensitive immunochemical methods, including Western blot analysis.
T. pallidum---The possible mechanism by which mucopolysaccharides protect T. pallidum from immune mechanisms and its potential relationship to the pathogenesis of the disease are discussed.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Activation of rat B lymphocytes by Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---We examined the lymphoproliferative responses of cervical lymphocytes and splenocytes of homozygous (rnu/rnu) congenitally athymic nude and normal heterozygous (rnu/+) Rowett rats to whole cells of Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, a suspected periodontal disease pathogen.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---Previously sensitized cells from immunized only, infected only, or immunized and infected, normal rats demonstrated proliferation in response to formalinized A. actinomycetemcomitans, but cells from nude rats did not proliferate.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---A. actinomycetemcomitans caused cervical lymphocytes and splenocytes from untreated naive normal and nude rats to undergo increased DNA synthesis at day 2 of culture.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---Highly enriched nonsensitized spleen T cells prepared on a nylon wool column did not respond to A. actinomycetemcomitans, whereas enriched nonsensitized B cells proliferated.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---T-cell reconstitution of nude rats with neonatal thymus cells from rnu/+rats resulted in partial recovery of T-cell function but had no effect on the mitogenic response to A. actinomycetemcomitans.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---It is suggested that the antigenic responses to A. actinomycetemcomitans are dependent on T cells and that A. actinomycetemcomitans cells have mitogenic activity for B cells.
A. viscosus---There were also significant inverse correlations between the levels of salivary and serum antibody and the levels of implantation of A. viscosus T6.
A. viscosus---The level of implantation of A. viscosus T6 was significantly lower in the immunized animals than in the controls.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Monoclonal antibodies to leukotoxin of Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Hybridoma cell lines which produce monoclonal antibodies to a leukotoxin from Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans were prepared.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---Immunoblot analysis with the monoclonal antibodies also demonstrated that the leukotoxin was present in eight oral strains of A. actinomycetemcomitans that had been previously classified by a biological assay as leukotoxic.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---The availability of these monoclonal antibodies should facilitate and expand studies concerning the role of the leukotoxin in the pathogenicity of A. actinomycetemcomitans.
Bifidobacterium bifidum---Binding of the lipoteichoic acids of Bifidobacterium bifidum to human colonic epithelial cells appeared to be specific, reversible, and cell concentration and time dependent.
A. viscosus---The specificity requirements for the binding of Actinomyces viscosus T14V were examined by testing simple sugars, oligopeptides, and glycoproteins as inhibitors of the aggregation of glycoprotein-coated latex beads and washed A. viscosus cells.
A. viscosus---Thus, galactose beta-1----3 linked to N-acetylgalactosamine exhibits greater specificity for the A. viscosus lectin than does galactose beta-1----4 linked to N-acetylglucosamine.
Legionella pneumophila---Identification of protein antigens of Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1.
Legionella pneumophila---Growth of Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1 in yeast extract broth was standardized, and protein profiles of detergent-solubilized cells were determined by sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis.
L. pneumophila---The 22K, 24K, 43K, 63K, and 78K major proteins and several minor proteins were found to be located on the surface of L. pneumophila cells.
Pemphigus foliaceus---Pemphigus foliaceus in dogs: a review of 37 cases.
Pemphigus foliaceus---Pemphigus foliaceus of the footpads in three dogs.
Methanosarcina barkeri---Accuracy of the phenylalanyl-tRNA synthetase from the archaebacterium Methanosarcina barkeri, Zn(II)-dependent synthesis of diadenosine 5',5'''-P1,P4-tetraphosphate, and immunological relationship of OFFnylalanyl-tRNA synthetases from different urkingdoms.
Methanosarcina barkeri---Phenylalanyl-tRNA synthetase from the archaebacterium Methanosarcina barkeri activates a number of phenylalanine analogues (methionine, p-fluorophenylalanine, beta-phenylserine, beta-thien-2-ylalanine, 2-amino-4-methylhex-4-enoic acid and ochratoxin A) in the absence of tRNA, as demonstrated by Km and kcat of the ATP/PPi exchange reaction.
S. faecalis---The S. faecalis ATPase thus forms the same phosphorylated intermediate as a number of eukaryotic transport ATPases and appears to be related to these enzymes.
Euglena gracilis---Purification and characterization of enzymes from Euglena gracilis that methylate methionine and arginine residues of cytochrome c.Two forms of cytochrome c-specific methyltransferases from Euglena gracilis were purified approximately 100- and 50-fold, respectively, using DEAE-cellulose and gel-filtration chromatography.
Euglena gracilis---ChymotrypsinCytochrome c GroupEuglena gracilisKineticsMolecular WeightPeptide FragmentsProtein MethyltransferasesProtein-Arginine N-MethyltransferasesSubcellular FractionsSubstrate Specificity
B. subtilis---146, 430-432) was screened by an immunological procedure for DNA sequences encoding aspartokinase II of B. subtilis, an enzyme composed of two nonidentical subunits arranged in an alpha 2 beta 2 structure (Moir, D., and Paulus, H. (1977a) J. Biol.
B. subtilis---A recombinant bacteriophage was identified that harbored an 18-kilobase B. subtilis DNA fragment containing the coding sequences for both aspartokinase subunits.
B. subtilis---In response to transformation with the recombinant plasmids, Escherichia coli produced two polypeptides immunologically related to B. subtilis aspartokinase II with molecular weights (43,000 and 17,000) indistinguishable from those found in enzyme produced in B. subtilis.
B. subtilis---Peptide mapping by partial proteolysis confirmed the identity of the polypeptides produced by the transformed E. coli cells with the B. subtilis aspartokinase II subunits.
B. subtilis---The size of the cloned B. subtilis DNA fragment could be reduced to 2.9 kilobases by cleavage with PstI restriction endonuclease without affecting its ability to direct the synthesis of complete aspartokinase II subunits, irrespective of its orientation in the plasmid vector.
B. subtilis---A map of the gene for B. subtilis aspartokinase II is proposed in which the coding sequence for the smaller beta subunit overlaps in the same reading frame the promoter-distal portion of the coding sequence for the alpha subunit.
B. subtilis---The gene coding for the subunits of aspartokinase II from Bacillus subtilis has been identified in a B. subtilis DNA library and cloned in a bacterial plasmid (Bondaryk, R. P., and Paulus, H. (1984) J. Biol.
B. subtilis---The B. subtilis aspartokinase gene could thus be functionally expressed in E. coli and substitute for the E. coli aspartokinases.
B. subtilis---Measurement of aspartokinase levels in extracts of aspartokinaseless E. coli transformed with the B. subtilis aspartokinase II gene revealed an enzyme level comparable to that in a genetically derepressed B. subtilis strain.
B. subtilis---This apparently paradoxical sensitivity to lysine was due to the allosteric inhibition of B. subtilis aspartokinase II by that amino acid, a property which was also observed in extracts of the transformed E. coli strain.
B. subtilis---The synthesis and degradation of the aspartokinase II subunits were measured by labeling experiments in E. coli transformed with the B. subtilis aspartokinase II gene.
B. subtilis---In contrast to exponentially growing cells of B. subtilis which contained equimolar amounts of the aspartokinase alpha and beta subunits, the transformed E. coli strain contained a 3-fold molar excess of beta subunit.
B. subtilis---In conjunction with the results described in the preceding paper which demonstrated that the aspartokinase subunits are encoded by a single DNA sequence, these observations imply that the alpha and beta subunits of B. subtilis aspartokinase II are the products of in-phase overlapping genes.
S. faecalis---Thus, the cytoplasmic pH is regulated only by the cytoplasmic alkalization, and there is no regulation at alkaline pH in S. faecalis.
S. faecalis---I conclude that in S. faecalis, the cytoplasmic pH is regulated by H+-ATPase.
Melanoplus differentialis---We extracted chromosomes by micromanipulation from Melanoplus differentialis spermatocytes, producing metaphase spindles with only one or a few chromosomes instead of the usual complement of 23.
S. purpuratus---We prepared antibodies to this set of proteins to localize them in the doublet microtubules of S. purpuratus and other species.
Chlorogonium elongatum---Basal bodies and associated structures are not required for normal flagellar motion or phototaxis in the green alga Chlorogonium elongatum.
Chlorogonium elongatum---The interphase flagellar apparatus of the green alga Chlorogonium elongatum resembles that of Chlamydomonas reinhardtii in the possession of microtubular rootlets and striated fibers.
Amblyomma americanum---In the current study, actively sensitized guinea pigs treated three times daily with H-1 (mepyramine) and H-2 (cimetidine) histamine receptor antagonists, during the challenge tick infestation period, expressed normal resistance to Amblyomma americanum larvae.
A. americanum---Similarly, naive guinea pigs treated with anti-histamines four times daily, beginning 7 days before transfer of immune serum and tick challenge and continuing through the tick infestation period, also expressed normal antibody-mediated resistance to A. americanum.
A. americanum---These results indicate that local recruitment and subsequent degranulation of basophils via immune mechanisms dependent on non-tick antigens can lead to tick rejection, and that basophil-derived mediators other than histamine are involved in this immune resistance response to A. americanum ticks.
Dipetalonema reconditum---Parasite antigens were detected in 45 of 46 sera from infected dogs but were absent in sera from uninfected dogs and sera from dogs infected with Dipetalonema reconditum.
C. parvum---injection of Propionibacterium acnes (formerly designated C. parvum) also demonstrated a decreased accumulation of 28S comparable with that observed in in vitro-activated macrophages.
Bacterionema matruchotii---Butanol-extracted water soluble adjuvant (Bu-WSA) obtained from Bacterionema matruchotii was not mitogenic for human peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBM) but was capable of enhancing (3H) thymidine uptake of T cells stimulated by concanavalin A (Con A) in the presence of B cells or macrophages (M phi) in vitro.
Peptostreptococcus anaerobius---Light-activated Hpd was 99.9% bactericidal against Staphylococcus aureus, Streptococcus faecalis, Bacteroides fragilis, Streptococcus M-G intermedius, Streptococcus mutans, Peptostreptococcus anaerobius, Peptococcus magnus, and Clostridium perfringens, but did not affect Escherichia coli, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, or Candida albicans.
Legionella pneumophila---Defective triggering of polymorphonuclear leukocyte oxidative metabolism by Legionella pneumophila toxin.
Legionella pneumophila---Preincubation of human polymorphonuclear leukocytes (PMNLs) with Legionella pneumophila toxin impaired activation of the superoxide-generating complex induced by latex particles and by the Ca++ ionophore A23187.
Legionella pneumophila---These observations indicate that Legionella pneumophila toxin selectively impairs activation of the phagocyte superoxide-generating complex without affecting the functional integrity of components of the complex.
B. dermatitidis---This greater efficiency of phagocytosis and growth inhibition of B. dermatitidis reflects another mechanism of human cellular immunity to this fungal infection.
Corynebacterium parvum---administration of Corynebacterium parvum.
Corynebacterium parvum---After 4 hours incubation Corynebacterium parvum was an effective stimulant for mononuclear leukocytes, behaving in the same way as the typical gram-negative bacterium Escherichia coli, whereas mononuclear cells incubated with Staphylococcus aureus were not affected.
Corynebacterium parvum---Corynebacterium parvum used was found devoid of endotoxin by the Limulus assay and was not affected by Polymyxin B, which, on the contrary, inhibited Escherichia coli-induced production of procoagulant activity.
Corynebacterium parvum---Intact Corynebacterium parvum may be required for the production of procoagulant activity and, although this specific aspect of the research will require further study, from the exposed data it is concluded that such a production could be a factor contributing to the pathogenesis of the coagulopathy following Corynebacterium parvum therapy.
Necturus maculosus---Aminobutyric AcidsAnimalsCycloleucineElectrophysiologyGlutamatesIbotenic AcidLightMolecular ConformationNecturus maculosusNeuronsPhosphoserinePhotoreceptor CellsReceptors, GlutamateReceptors, NeurotransmitterRetinaStructure-Activity Relationship
Aplysia californica---Sensitization of the gill withdrawal reflex in Aplysia californica is an elementary form of learning, in part resulting from presynaptic facilitation of the LE mechanoreceptor neurons of the abdominal ganglion.
Fasciola hepatica---Several compounds surpassed the activity of commercially used flukicides against Fasciola hepatica infections in rats.
Fasciola hepatica---AnimalsBenzoatesDrug SynergismFasciola hepaticaFascioliasisRatsSalicylamidesSalicylanilidesStructure-Activity Relationship
Aotus trivirgatus---AnimalsAotus trivirgatusBase SequenceCell LineCloning, MolecularDNA Restriction EnzymesDNA, ViralGenes, ViralHerpesviridaeHerpesvirus 2, SaimiriineKidneyKineticsNucleic Acid HybridizationNucleic Acid RenaturationRepetitive Sequences, Nucleic AcidSimplexvirusSpecies SpecificityVirion
Acholeplasma laidlawii---Double-stranded DNA from mycoplasma virus L2 can transfect Acholeplasma laidlawii cells in the presence of polyethylene glycol (T. L. Sladek and J. Maniloff, J. Bacteriol.
A. laidlawii---An unexpected finding was that both DNAs could transfect A. laidlawii strain REP-, a variant which is a nonpermissive host for single-stranded DNA mycoplasma viruses due to a block in viral DNA replication (Nowak et al., J. Bacteriol.
Acholeplasma laidlawii---Acholeplasma laidlawiiBacteriophagesDNA, Single-StrandedDNA, ViralKineticsMycoplasmaSpecies SpecificityTransfection
Aotus trivirgatus---AnimalsAntibodies, MonoclonalAntigen-Antibody ComplexAotus trivirgatusCell LineElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelEpitopesFluorescent Antibody TechniqueHerpesvirus 2, SaimiriineImmunodiffusionKidneyMolecular WeightSpecies SpecificityViral ProteinsViral Structural Proteins
Francisella tularensis---At autopsy, multiple abscesses were present within skeletal muscle, suggesting that rhabdomyolysis resulted from direct muscle involvement with Francisella tularensis.
B. fragilis---Fifty-eight percent of the staphylococcal group of animals, 37% of the E. coli group of animals, and none of the B. fragilis group of animals developed empyema.
B. fragilis---Empyema caused by B. fragilis did not develop, even with cofactors of umbilical tape and blood.
Canavalia ensiformis---The seeds of legumes are particularly rich in lectins, for example, concanavalin A (Con A) comprises up to 15% of the protein in the cotyledons of jack bean (Canavalia ensiformis) seeds.
Xenopsylla cheopis---Transovarial transmission of murine typhus rickettsiae in Xenopsylla cheopis fleas.
Xenopsylla cheopis---It is reported here that such transovarial transmission does occur in laboratory-infected Xenopsylla cheopis fleas.
Xenopsylla cheopis---The data support the contention that Xenopsylla cheopis fleas play an important role in the maintenance of murine typhus in rats in nature.
H. aphrophilus---H. aphrophilus was responsible for meningitis, probable thoracic empyema, and ultimately vertebral osteomyelitis and suppurative psoas abscess formation in a woman following metrizamide myelography.
Cerebratulus lacteus---Structure and action of heteronemertine polypeptide toxins: importance of amphipathic helix for activity of Cerebratulus lacteus toxin A-III.
Cerebratulus lacteus---The marine heteronemertine Cerebratulus lacteus produces a family of protein cytolysins designated as A-toxins.
Chromatium vinosum---The kinetics of reduction of Chromatium vinosum flavocytochrome c heme subunit by exogenous flavin neutral semiquinones generated by laser flash photolysis have been investigated.
Ectothiorhodospira halophila---Isolation and characterization of soluble cytochromes, ferredoxins and other chromophoric proteins from the halophilic phototrophic bacterium Ectothiorhodospira halophila.
Ectothiorhodospira halophila---A cytochrome c-551 and a pair of 'high redox-potential' ferredoxins (iso-high-potential iron-sulfur proteins) were found to be the major soluble electron-transport proteins in Ectothiorhodospira halophila.
Cerebratulus lacteus---Binding of Cerebratulus lacteus cytolysin A-III to intact human erythrocytes and erythrocyte membranes has been investigated.
A. vinelandii---Then, two-dimensional orientation of whole cell membranes was demonstrated in whole cell multilayers using doxyl stearate spin label in A. vinelandii and the bacteriochlorophyll a dimer triplet signal, (BCHl a)T2, from the intracytoplasmic membrane-bound photosynthetic apparatus of R. rubrum.
A. vinelandii---Specifically, as the normal to the membrane plane was rotated from perpendicular to parallel with the ESR magnetic field, the amplitude of the g = 3.6 signal decreased from maximum to about 37% of maximum in A. vinelandii and from maximum to about 88% of maximum in R. rubrum.
A. vinelandii---The angular dependence of the g = 4.3 peak during rotation varied in A. vinelandii, but decreased from maximum to about 63% of maximum in R. rubrum.
Euglena gracilis---Physical properties of a plasmid-like DNA from Euglena gracilis.
Euglena gracilis---A small circular extrachromosomal DNA of the flagellate protozoan Euglena gracilis has been characterized as having a contour length of 11.3 kb, with a consistent restriction map.
Euglena gracilis---DNA Restriction EnzymesDNA, CircularEuglena gracilisMicroscopy, ElectronPlasmidsReplicon
Trimeresurus mucrosquamatus---Isolation and characterization of hemorrhagic factors a and b from the venom of the Chinese habu snake (Trimeresurus mucrosquamatus).
Trimeresurus mucrosquamatus---Hemorrhagic factors a and b were isolated from Trimeresurus mucrosquamatus venom by Sephadex G-100, CM-Sephadex C-50 and DEAE-Sephacel column chromatographies.
R. capsulata---Differential expression of photosynthesis genes in R. capsulata results from segmental differences in stability within the polycistronic rxcA transcript.
R. capsulata---We report that the light-harvesting and reaction center genes in the rxcA locus of R. capsulata are contained within a single operon and that their differential expression results predominantly from marked segmental differences in stability within the polycistronic rxcA transcript.
R. capsulata---When a DNA fragment containing the rxcA locus was fused to a plasmid promoter and transcribed in E. coli, the long precursor transcript was processed to two short messages of greater stability, as in R. capsulata.
Corynebacterium parvum---In most instances optimal CA was observed 6 hr after administration of adjuvant and varied from 3.7 (methylamine) to 50 (Corynebacterium parvum strain 4982) units.
C. parvum---With respect to the titer and duration of CA, the adjuvants were arranged in the following order of increasing efficacy: methylamine, heparin, polyol L 121, suramin, dextran sulfate, polyol L 101, dimethyldioctadecylammonium bromide, Liquoid, heat-killed Listeria monocytogenes, formalin-killed C. parvum strain 10387, and strain 4982.
C. parvum---We have investigated the role of resident macrophages in the early tumoricidal response to C. parvum.
C. albicans---Clinical isolates of C. albicans (75 strains) and other yeasts (20 strains) were evaluated for their ability to produce a carboxyl acid proteinase in an effort to assess its potential role as a virulence factor.
C. albicans---The majority (97%) of C. albicans isolates produced a detectable proteinase.
C. albicans---Some non-C. albicans isolates produced proteinase; however, the amount of activity was generally less than for C. albicans.
M. kansasii---Use of the BACTEC system for drug susceptibility testing of Mycobacterium tuberculosis, M. kansasii, and M. avium complex.
M. kansasii---A total of 199 Mycobacterium tuberculosis, 182 M. kansasii, and 32 M. avium complex isolates were tested for susceptibility to either three or 10 color-coded drugs in a four-phase study using the conventional 7H10 plate method and the BACTEC system.
M. kansasii---M. kansasii data were encouraging, with 88.9% drug agreement against 10 drugs, but M. avium complex agreement was only 51.6% against 10.
M. kansasii---Average time required for reportable results was 4.8 days for M. tuberculosis, 4.3 days for M. kansasii, and 3.4 days for M. avium complex.
Acinetobacter anitratus---Four isolates, two Acinetobacter anitratus, one Serratia marcescens and one Moraxella osloensis could not be identified by IDX.
Moraxella osloensis---Four isolates, two Acinetobacter anitratus, one Serratia marcescens and one Moraxella osloensis could not be identified by IDX.
Legionella pneumophila---Legionella pneumophila and related species are important causes of epidemic bacterial pneumonia and nosocomial infection.
Larus argentatus---Effects of ingestion of hibernia and Prudhoe Bay crude oils on hepatic and renal mixed function oxidase in nestling herring gulls (Larus argentatus).
Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum---Formation of carbon monoxide from CO2 and H2 by Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum.
Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum---Cell suspensions of Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum were found to reduce CO2 with H2 to CO at a maximal rate of 100 nmol X min-1 X mg protein-1.
M. thermoautotrophicum---Cyanide was shown to inactivate specifically the carbon monoxide dehydrogenase present in M. thermoautotrophicum.
Lactococcus lactis---Chemical PhenomenaChemistryEnzyme ActivationFructosediphosphatesHexosediphosphatesKineticsL-Lactate DehydrogenaseLactococcus lactisMathematicsModels, ChemicalProtein BindingSpectrometry, FluorescenceSpectrophotometry
Nicotiana plumbaginifolia---Modulation of membrane fluidity in living protoplasts of Nicotiana plumbaginifolia by catalytic hydrogenation.
Nicotiana plumbaginifolia---A homogeneous water-soluble Ru catalyst, has been incorporated into mesophyll protoplasts isolated from Nicotiana plumbaginifolia leaves.
Absidia glauca---Strain-dependent variation in ribosomal DNA arrangement in Absidia glauca.
Absidia glauca---Restriction analysis of total DNA from the zygomycete Absidia glauca reveals a pattern of prominent bands on a homogeneous background.
A. glauca---A more detailed analysis of one strain pair [A. glauca CBS 100.48 (+)/101.48 (-)] provided evidence that the (+) strain, in addition to one rDNA repeat unit common to both strains, contains a second one, derived from the common form by a small deletion.
Acomys cahirinus---Rat (Rattus norvegicus) and spiny mouse (Acomys cahirinus) are closely related murinoid species that mainly differ in the developmental timing of birth.
Schistosoma haematobium---The induction of granulomas around Schistosoma japonicum eggs depends upon cell mediated immunity, as do the reactions to Schistosoma mansoni and Schistosoma haematobium eggs.
S. haematobium---This leads to large, focal intestinal lesions similar to the discrete lesions produced by S. haematobium in the intestine and urinary tract but in contrast to the widespread, diffuse lesions produced by S. mansoni.
Schistosoma haematobium---Acute DiseaseAnimalsAntibodiesBrainFemaleGlomerulonephritisGranulomaImmunityImmunity, CellularInflammationIntestinesKidneyLiverLiver DiseasesLungLung DiseasesNephritis, InterstitialOvipositionOvumSchistosoma haematobiumSchistosoma japonicumSchistosoma mansoniSchistosomiasisSubarachnoid Hemorrhage
Mesocricetus auratus---Brugia pahangi: comparative susceptibility of the Mongolian jird, Meriones unguiculatus, and the PD4 inbred hamster, Mesocricetus auratus.
Mesocricetus auratus---The susceptibility of Mongolian jirds, Meriones unguiculatus, and PD4 hamsters, Mesocricetus auratus, to Brugia pahangi was compared based on the percentage adult worm recoveries, mean microfilaremia levels, and adult worm lengths.
B. pahangi---Fourteen male jirds and seventeen male PD4 hamsters were each inoculated subcutaneously in the left inguinal region with 90-100 L3 of B. pahangi and necropsied 130-150 days after inoculation.
Xenopsylla cheopis---Xenopsylla cheopis: cellular expression of hypersensitivity in guinea pigs.
Xenopsylla cheopis---Guinea pigs multiply exposed to Xenopsylla cheopis adult fleas exhibited marked blood basophil responses to challenge infestation with only minor changes in blood eosinophil levels.
Aedes albopictus---The DNA replication pattern of double minutes derived from an established cell line of Aedes albopictus is described.
Chromatium vinosum---Monovalent nickel in hydrogenase from Chromatium vinosum.
Chromatium vinosum---Redox titrations with hydrogenase from Chromatium vinosum show that its nickel ion can exist in 3, possibly 4, different redox states: the 3+, 2+, 1+ and possibly a zero valent state.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Amino Acid SequenceGeobacillus stearothermophilusIronManganesePeptide FragmentsPhotobacteriumSuperoxide Dismutase
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Male and female samples were also cultured for Ureaplasma urealyticum using U9-B indicator broth and A-7 agar.
Corynebacterium parvum---Mouse peritoneal macrophages activated in vivo by the injection of Corynebacterium parvum release larger amounts of superoxide anion (O2-) than macrophages from control mice when stimulated with phorbol myristate acetate (PMA).
C. parvum---The NADPH oxidase of macrophages activated by C. parvum or trehalose dimycolate of mycobacterial origin displayed a five to seven times lower Km compared to the enzyme in resident macrophages.
C. albicans---Administration of myeloperoxidase complexed with soluble C. albicans cell wall mannan abrogated the protective influence of the enzyme.
Coxiella burnetii---Cell cycle distribution patterns and generation times of L929 fibroblast cells persistently infected with Coxiella burnetii.
Coxiella burnetii---Coxiella burnetii established a persistent infection of various cell lines including L929 mouse fibroblasts.
C. burnetii---Flow cytometric studies of actively growing normal and infected cells stained with mithramycin or propidium iodide revealed no significant difference in cell cycle distribution patterns or changes in ploidy level associated with persistent infection with either phase I or phase II C. burnetii.
Corynebacterium parvum---Female BALB/c and C3H/HeJ mice develop increased sensitivity to the toxic effects of indomethacin after injection of nonviable Corynebacterium parvum.
C. parvum---The pyridine extract residue of C. parvum was as effective as C. parvum whole cells in inducing indomethacin and LPS sensitivity.
S. faecalis---Again, no plasmid DNA was detectable in transconjugants, and the latter could donate tetracycline resistance to S. faecalis, S. sanguis, and Streptococcus lactis.
S. faecalis---The tetracycline resistance element was able to transpose to several sites on the S. faecalis hemolysin plasmid pAD1 and in each case resulted in a 15-kilobase insert.
Capnocytophaga gingivalis---Lysozyme-mediated aggregation and lysis of the periodontal microorganism Capnocytophaga gingivalis 2010.
Capnocytophaga gingivalis---The ability of lysozyme to aggregate and lyse the gram-negative capnophilic periodontal microorganism Capnocytophaga gingivalis 2010 was monitored optically at 540 nm.
C. gingivalis---In effect, the cationic enzyme lysed C. gingivalis 2010, which was not apparent in the spectrophotometric assay.
C. albicans---These results suggest that, given this mucosally pathogenic strain of C. albicans, the establishment of a chronic infection of the rat tongue is apparently not influenced by tetracycline-treated drinking water as administered in this study.
A. viscosus---Cross-reactions were also observed with the LDHs from A. viscosus and L. casei, the latter being the least related.
Lactobacillus leichmannii---A very weak immunological relationship was obtained between the L-LDH from S. mutans OMZ175 and the D-LDH from Lactobacillus leichmannii, whereas no cross-reaction could be detected with mammal LDHs.
P. carinii---ICR and DDD mice were intranasally infected with 10(4) mouse lung-derived P. carinii, and the delayed-type hypersensitivity (DTH) reaction and antibody titers to P. carinii were measured along with the number of P. carinii cysts in the lungs after infection.
P. carinii---The number of P. carinii cysts in the lungs peaked at 2 weeks after infection and then decreased to barely detectable levels by 4 weeks.
P. carinii---Thus, the decline in the number of P. carinii cysts in the lungs corresponded well with the time of the peak of the DTH reaction but not with the serum antibody response.
P. carinii---Spleen T cells from infected mice mediated the DTH reaction when transferred intravenously into normal recipients and reduced the number of P. carinii cysts in the lungs when transferred intravenously into P. carinii-infected mice.
P. carinii---The results indicated that cellular immunity is important for protection from subclinical P. carinii infections.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---Temperature-inducible surface fibrillae associated with the virulence plasmid of Yersinia enterocolitica and Yersinia pseudotuberculosis.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---When cultivated at 37 degrees C in static broth, human clinical isolates of Yersinia enterocolitica (serogroups O:3, O:8, and O:9) and Yersinia pseudotuberculosis (serogroup O:III) produced numerous nonflagellar surface appendages, which appeared as a lawn of fine fibrillae, each having a diameter of 1.5 to 2.0 nm and a length of 50 to 70 nm.
B. abortus---Brucella abortus lipopolysaccharide was tested in a blastogenesis assay with unfractionated and nylon wool-separated peripheral blood lymphocytes of Brucella-naive cattle and cattle immunized with B. abortus.
B. abortus---Our results indicated that in cattle the lipopolysaccharide of B. abortus is not a B-cell mitogen.
Parietaria judaica---Distribution of allergen activity and identification of the main IgE-binding glycopeptide of Parietaria judaica pollen.
Parietaria judaica---Parietaria judaica pollen extract was separated by preparative isoelectric focusing and showed two allergenic components (A1 and A2) heterogeneously distributed within the pH gradient (pH 3-10).
P. judaica---In addition, all the preparative isoelectric focusing fractions contained the main allergenic polypeptide of P. judaica (Pj10) when analyzed by SDS-PAGE.
P. judaica---Implication of charged sugar residues in the wide distribution of P. judaica allergens in a pH gradient is discussed.
Corynebacterium parvum---Inflammatory neutrophils elicited by intraperitoneal injection of Corynebacterium parvum, thioglycollate or proteose peptone were capable of lysing different murine and human tumor targets in a short-term chromium-release assay.
C. parvum---Optimal lysis was achieved by PMNs obtained 6 hr after injection of C. parvum and 16 hr after injection of thioglycollate.
M. marinum---Although M. marinum organisms multiplied in greater numbers in the TLI mice, ultimately they were destroyed as effectively in TLI mice as in the non-irradiated control mice.
M. marinum---Mice previously challenged with M. marinum in one hind foot pad, and challenged subsequently with the same organism in the opposite hind foot pad, showed a solid immunity against this reinfection.
M. marinum---It appears that upon recovery from the immediate effects of radiotherapy TLI-treated mice are able to mount an effective immune response to experimental infection with M. marinum and M. leprae.
Peromyscus maniculatus---Consequently, P50 at pH 7.4, PCO2(7.4), the CO2 Bohr effect, and the buffer slope (delta log PCO2/delta pH) were determined via the mixing technique in Peromyscus maniculatus native to a range of altitudes but acclimated to 340 or 3,800 m. PCO2(7.4) and buffer slope were substantially lower at high altitude.
Stigmatella aurantiaca---Cohesion in the myxobacterium Stigmatella aurantiaca was characterized.
S. aurantiaca---We conclude that S. aurantiaca responds to calcium ion by synthesizing the molecular components of a system of cell cohesion (class B) and that the functioning of this system requires the expenditure of metabolic energy.
Spiroplasma floricola---The positional distribution of the fatty acids in phosphatidylglycerol of Spiroplasma floricola resembled that found in Mycoplasma species, in which the saturated fatty acids prefer position 2 in the glycerol backbone and not position 1 as found in Acholeplasma species and elsewhere in nature.
Acholeplasma laidlawii---The S. floricola membranes were more rigid than those of Acholeplasma laidlawii and less rigid than those of Mycoplasma gallisepticum.
A. tumefaciens---The A. tumefaciens and R. trifolii transconjugants were unable to elicit curling of alfalfa root hairs, but were able to induce nodule development at a low frequency.
R. trifolii transconjugants---The A. tumefaciens and R. trifolii transconjugants were unable to elicit curling of alfalfa root hairs, but were able to induce nodule development at a low frequency.
A. tumefaciens---Thus, alfalfa nodules induced by A. tumefaciens and R. trifolii transconjugants carrying small nodulation clones of R. meliloti were completely devoid of intracellular bacteria.
R. trifolii transconjugants---Thus, alfalfa nodules induced by A. tumefaciens and R. trifolii transconjugants carrying small nodulation clones of R. meliloti were completely devoid of intracellular bacteria.
A. tumefaciens---The genes encoded in the 8.7-kilobase nodulation fragment are sufficient in A. tumefaciens or R. trifolii backgrounds for nodule morphogenesis.
Thermoplasma acidophilum---Generation of a large, protonophore-sensitive proton motive force and pH difference in the acidophilic bacteria Thermoplasma acidophilum and Bacillus acidocaldarius.
Thermoplasma acidophilum---For this purpose we determined the components of proton motive force in the eubacterium Bacillus acidocaldarius and the archaebacterium Thermoplasma acidophilum.
B. subtilis---The Smith degradation of reduced samples of the teichoic acid-linked saccharide preparations from S. aureus and B. subtilis gave fragments characterized as 1,2-ethylenediol phosphate-(glycerolphosphate)3-N-acetylmannosaminyl beta(1----4)N- -acetylxylosaminitol and 1,2-ethylenediolphosphate-(glycerol phosphate)2-N-acetylmannosaminyl beta(1----4)N-acetylxylosaminitol, respectively.
B. subtilis---Thus, it is concluded that the ribitol teichoic acid chains in the cell walls of the strains of S. aureus and B. subtilis are linked to peptidoglycan through linkage units, (glycerol phosphate)3-N-acetylmannosaminyl beta(1----4)N-acetylglucosamine and (glycerol phosphate)2-N-acetylmannosaminyl beta(1----4)N-acetylglucosamine, respectively.
B. megaterium---The first Bacillus subtilis small, acid-soluble spore protein (SASP) gene has been cloned by using previously cloned B. megaterium SASP genes as DNA-DNA hybridization probes.
B. subtilis---Determination of the DNA sequence of the B. subtilis SASP gene showed that it codes for a 72-residue protein (termed SASP-1) containing a single spore protease cleavage site as well as other sequences conserved in Bacillus megaterium SASPs A, C, C-1, C-2, and C-3.
B. subtilis---The B. subtilis SASP-1 genes's coding sequence is preceded by a potential Bacillus ribosome-binding site, and is followed by a sequence that could form a stem-and-loop structure characteristic of transcription termination sites.
B. megaterium---Upstream from the coding sequence there are no obvious homologies with other B. subtilis sporulation genes, but similarities with B. megaterium SASP genes are evident.
B. subtilis---Upstream from the coding sequence there are no obvious homologies with other B. subtilis sporulation genes, but similarities with B. megaterium SASP genes are evident.
B. subtilis---The cloned SASP-1 gene hybridizes to three bands other than the SASP-1 gene itself in EcoRI or HindIII digests of B. subtilis DNA.
B. subtilis---Presumably these other bands represent SASP genes related to the SASP-1 gene, and we have been able to detect at least three such proteins in B. subtilis spores.
B. thuringiensis subsp---To extract the protein, a sporulating culture of B. thuringiensis subsp.
B. thuringiensis subsp---Alkali-solubilized proteins from an acrystalliferous strain of B. thuringiensis subsp.
B. thuringiensis subsp---israelensis and from B. thuringiensis subsp.
A. hydrophila---The lipopolysaccharide of A. hydrophila did not contain the eight-carbon sugar 3-deoxyoctulosonic acid nor did it contain C16:0, both of which are typical constituents of the lipopolysaccharide of many other species.
Legionella pneumophila---Conjugation-mediated genetic exchange in Legionella pneumophila.
L. pneumophila---Genetic exchange mechanisms, to our knowledge, have not been reported for Legionella pneumophila, and consequently, studies on the genetic organization of L. pneumophila have not appeared in the literature.
Legionella pneumophila---Genetic exchange mechanisms, to our knowledge, have not been reported for Legionella pneumophila, and consequently, studies on the genetic organization of L. pneumophila have not appeared in the literature.
L. pneumophila---Escherichia coli strains carrying plasmids RP1 and R68.45 (IncP1), S-a (IncW), and R40a (IncC), but not plasmids of incompatibility groups FI, FII, and FV, served as donors in matings with L. pneumophila Knoxville 1 (LPK-1).
L. pneumophila---Recombinational exchange of a chromosomal trait was demonstrated when a thymidine auxotroph of L. pneumophila was repaired by R68.45-mediated chromosomal mobilization of a prototrophic donor strain.
B. subtilis---CAT levels in B. subtilis carrying the ctc/CAT fusion plasmid varied in a manner that was consistent with the known pattern of ctc RNA synthesis.
B. subtilis---Several of the B. subtilis mutants, both CAT overproducers and underproducers, also had acquired a sporulation-deficient phenotype.
B. subtilis---Analysis of RNA synthesized by mutant cells indicates that at least a portion of the mutants may be altered in the level of transcription from the ctc promoter and, hence, are likely to define B. subtilis genes which influence this process.
B. subtilis---The carboxy-terminal half of the precursor is a presumptive glucoamylase which contains several peptide segments showing a high degree of homology with alpha-amylases from widely diverse organisms including a procaryote (B. subtilis) and eucaryotes (Aspergillus oryzae and mouse).
S. diastaticus---Southern blot analysis of genomic DNA from S. diastaticus and a glucoamylase-non-secreting yeast, Saccharomyces cerevisiae, revealed that the STA1 and STA3 loci of S. diastaticus showed a high degree of homology, and that both yeast species (S. diastaticus and S. cerevisiae) contained DNA segments highly homologous to those of the extracellular glucoamylase genes.
S. diastaticus---Restriction maps of the homologous DNA segments suggested that the extracellular glucoamylase genes of S. diastaticus may have arisen from recombination among the resident DNA segments in S. cerevisiae.
B. subtilis---A membrane-bound DNA sequence from Bacillus subtilis was subcloned into a plasmid which can replicate in Escherichia coli but not in B. subtilis.
B. subtilis---The plasmid integrated into the B. subtilis chromosome at the region of homology, conferring chloramphenicol resistance on the recipient.
B. subtilis---If this proposal were correct, B. subtilis mutants containing chloramphenicol-insensitive ribosomes should not permit chloramphenicol induction of either cat-86 or pC194 cat.
B. subtilis---However, we and others have been unable to isolate chloramphenicol-resistant ribosomal mutants of B. subtilis 168.
B. subtilis---Amicetin-resistant mutants of B. subtilis were readily isolated, and in none of six mutants tested was cat-86 detectably inducible by amicetin, although the chloramphenicol-inducible phenotype was retained.
Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum---Tetrahydromethanopterin-dependent methanogenesis from non-physiological C1 donors in Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum.
Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum---Methanogenesis from the non-physiological C1 donors thioproline, thiazolidine, hexamethylenetetramine, formaldehyde (HCHO), and HOCH2-S-coenzyme M (CoM) was catalyzed by cell extracts of Methanobacterium thermoautotrophicum under a hydrogen atmosphere.
Photobacterium phosphoreum---Among the strains containing cytochrome d-related material were Serratia marcescens, Photobacterium phosphoreum, Salmonella typhimurium, Klebsiella pneumoniae, and Azotobacter vinelandii.
V. anguillarum---Mobilization of the recombinant plasmids to V. anguillarum was accomplished by using the transfer factor pRK2013.
V. anguillarum---A V. anguillarum exconjugant harboring the recombinant derivative pJHC-T7 and synthesizing the OM2 protein took up 55Fe3+ and grew under iron-limiting conditions, only in presence of the pJM1-mediated siderophore.
V. anguillarum---Membrane protein iodination experiments, together with protease treatment of whole cells, indicated that the OM2 protein is exposed to the outside environment of the V. anguillarum cells.
B. subtilis var---The heat resistances of the fully demineralized H-form spores of Bacillus megaterium ATCC 19213, B. subtilis var.
B. stearothermophilus---niger, and B. stearothermophilus ATCC 7953 were compared with those of vegetative cells and native spores to assess the components of resistance due to the mineral-free spore state, presumably mainly from dehydration of the spore core, and to mineralization.
Halobacterium halobium---Procedures are described for selectively radiolabeling the protein moiety (haloopsin) or the chromophoric prosthestic group (retinal) of the light-driven chloride pump halorhodopsin in intact cells of Halobacterium halobium.
B. subtilis---B. subtilis secreted two distinct products to the culture medium which were both smaller than the single product formed in E. coli.
B. cereus---Sequencing of [35S]Met-labeled pre-beta-lactamase I from phenylethyl alcohol-treated cells of B. cereus 569/H indicated that UUG is being utilized as the initiation codon for penPC.
B. cereus---The same result was obtained for the pre-beta-lactamase I from similarly treated cells of the closely related B. cereus 5/B strain.
Photobacterium phosphoreum---The acyl protein synthetase component (50K) of the fatty acid reductase complex from the luminescent system of Photobacterium phosphoreum has been found to catalyze the activation of fatty acid via formation of an enzyme bound acyl-AMP (carboxyphosphate mixed anhydride) immediately prior to the acylation of the enzyme.
Halobacterium cutirubrum---Characterization of the ribosomal RNA gene clusters in Halobacterium cutirubrum.
Halobacterium cutirubrum---We present a comprehensive and detailed analysis of the structure and organization of a cloned ribosomal RNA gene cluster from the archaebacterial species Halobacterium cutirubrum.
H. cutirubrum---There appears to be no equivalent to the eucaryotic 5.8 S gene in H. cutirubrum.
H. cutirubrum---Genomic southern hybridization experiments clearly indicate that the ribosomal RNA genes are unique single-copy DNA in H. cutirubrum.
P. mirabilis---A proteolytic fragment of the P. mirabilis recA protein bound single-strand DNA and ATP normally but has altered duplex DNA binding properties.
Clostridium pasteurianum---Kinetics of reduction of Clostridium pasteurianum rubredoxin by laser photoreduced spinach ferredoxin:NADP+ reductase and free flavins.
Clostridium pasteurianum---The kinetics of reduction of oxidized Clostridium pasteurianum rubredoxin (Rdox) by free flavin semiquinones generated by the laser flash photolysis technique and by spinach ferredoxin:NADP+ reductase (FNR) semiquinone (also produced by flavin semiquinone reduction) have been investigated under anaerobic conditions.
Flavobacterium heparinum---Purification and characterization of heparinase from Flavobacterium heparinum.
Flavobacterium heparinum---Heparinase (EC 4.2.2.7) isolated from Flavobacterium heparinum was purified to homogeneity by a combination of hydroxylapatite chromatography, repeated gel filtration chromatography, and chromatofocusing.
Acanthamoeba castellanii---Actin-activated Mg2+-ATPase activity of myosin II from Acanthamoeba castellanii is regulated by phosphorylation of three serine residues located at the carboxyl-terminal end of each of the two 185,000-Da heavy chains; the phosphorylated molecule has full Ca2+-ATPase activity but no actin-activated Mg2+-ATPase activity.
Legionella pneumophila---In all 15 cases, at least one specimen was positive for Legionella pneumophila serogroup 1 (Lp-1) antigens by a polyclonal antibody ELISA system.
Koserella trabulsii---Koserella trabulsii, a new genus and species of Enterobacteriaceae formerly known as Enteric Group 45.
Koserella trabulsii---The name Koserella trabulsii is proposed for a group of Enterobacteriaceae formerly called Enteric Group 45.
Treponema pallidum---In model experiments, rabbits were immunized with Treponema pallidum or T phagedenis, and the antisera were tested for cross-reactivities with both sets of antigens.
T. pallidum---A major T. pallidum antigen with a molecular weight of ca. 17,000 appeared to be the most reliable specific antigenic marker as assessed by the immunoblotting technique with peroxidase-labeled second antibodies.
Treponema pallidum---AnimalsAntibodies, BacterialAntigens, BacterialCross ReactionsElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelFluorescent Antibody TechniqueHemagglutination TestsHumansImmune SeraImmunoenzyme TechniquesImmunoglobulin GImmunoglobulin MMaleMolecular WeightRabbitsSyphilis SerodiagnosisTreponemaTreponema pallidum
Actinomyces israelii---Study of precipitation reactions to Actinomyces israelii antigens in uterine secretions.
Actinomyces israelii---Uterine secretions were obtained from 110 women and analysed by counterimmunoelectrophoresis for the occurrence of precipitation reactions against Actinomyces israelii antigens.
Ictalurus nebulosus---Reflex connections of the facial and vagal gustatory systems in the brainstem of the bullhead catfish, Ictalurus nebulosus.
Artocarpus integrifolia---We previously reported that seeds of Artocarpus integrifolia (jackfruit) contain a lectin, which we call jacalin, that is both a potent T cell mitogen and an apparently T cell-independent activator of human B cells for the secretion of immunoglobulins.
L. mexicana amazonensis---Monoclonal antibodies have been produced that are specific for the reference stocks of Leishmania mexicana species and subspecies L. mexicana mexicana(L11, M379), L. mexicana amazonensis (WR303, H6, LV72), and L. mexicana pifanoi (L20).
L. mexicana mexicana---Monoclonal antibodies have been produced that are specific for the reference stocks of Leishmania mexicana species and subspecies L. mexicana mexicana(L11, M379), L. mexicana amazonensis (WR303, H6, LV72), and L. mexicana pifanoi (L20).
Aotus trivirgatus---AdultAnimalsAntigens, ProtozoanAotus trivirgatusBinding Sites, AntibodyErythrocytesGlycoproteinsGlycoside HydrolasesHot TemperatureHumansMalariaNeuraminidasePeptide HydrolasesPlasmodium falciparum
Treponema pallidum---Antigens of Treponema pallidum recognized by IgG and IgM antibodies during syphilis in humans.
Treponema pallidum---IgG and IgM antibody specificities for antigens of Treponema pallidum Nichols strain were determined by using sodium dodecyl sulfate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and the western blot technique in sera from patients with untreated syphilis, normal persons, persons with biologic false-positive tests for syphilis, and sexual contacts of persons with infectious syphilis.
Treponema pallidum---Antibodies, BacterialAntibody SpecificityAntigens, BacterialFalse Positive ReactionsHumansImmunoglobulin GImmunoglobulin MSyphilisSyphilis, LatentTreponema pallidum
Legionella pneumophila---Effect of prior influenza virus infections on susceptibility of AKR/J mice to respiratory challenge with Legionella pneumophila.
Legionella pneumophila---Influenza virus administered intranasally to AKR/J mice, followed 3 days later by Legionella pneumophila inoculated intranasally, caused significantly greater mortality than did either of the two agents administered alone.
Mexicana amazonensis---Receptor-mediated entry of peroxidases into the parasitophorous vacuoles of macrophages infected with Leishmania Mexicana amazonensis.
Biomphalaria glabrata---To clarify the relationship between amebocytes and macrophages, we compared the histochemical staining for seven enzymes in Biomphalaria glabrata snail amebocytes, both in the amebocyte-producing organ (APO) and in the encapsulation reaction formed around parasite sporocysts with the staining in macrophages from the lymph nodes of patients with sarcoid or tuberculosis.
Echinostoma paraensei---Snails were infected with Echinostoma paraensei and Schistosoma mansoni miracidia.
Callorhinus ursinus---Photoperiod and delayed implantation in the northern fur seal (Callorhinus ursinus).
M. genitalium---Women with a history of infertility for 2 or more years were examined by hysterosalpingography (HSG) and antibodies against Chlamydia trachomatis, Mycoplasma hominis and M. genitalium were measured by a microimmunofluorescence technique in sera obtained immediately before HSG.
M. genitalium---Antibody against M. genitalium was found in 26 of the patients (20% abnormal HSG and 28% normal HSG), indicating the need for further investigation of the significance of this mycoplasma in female infertility.
Gallus domesticus---Effects of gonadotrophins on progesterone production by isolated granulosa cells of the adenohypophysectomized domestic fowl (Gallus domesticus).
C. immitis---C. immitis appears to be unique amongst dimorphic fungal pathogens in its digestion of elastin.
Pasteurella haemolytica---Electronmicroscopy of the surface of Pasteurella haemolytica.
P. haemolytica---The surfaces of Pasteurella haemolytica, biotype A, serotypes 1, 2, 6, 7 and 9 and of P. haemolytica, biotype T serotypes 3, 4, 10 and 15 were examined by transmission electronmicroscopy with ruthenium red staining and polycationic ferritin labelling, by scanning electronmicroscopy, and by light microscopy.
Pasteurella haemolytica---The surfaces of Pasteurella haemolytica, biotype A, serotypes 1, 2, 6, 7 and 9 and of P. haemolytica, biotype T serotypes 3, 4, 10 and 15 were examined by transmission electronmicroscopy with ruthenium red staining and polycationic ferritin labelling, by scanning electronmicroscopy, and by light microscopy.
P. haemolytica---Electronmicroscopy showed that the surface of strains of P. haemolytica biotype A was covered by irregular protrusions which were probably capsular material.
P. haemolytica---The surface and general morphology of P. haemolytica biotype T were distinct from those of biotype A.Microscopy, ElectronMicroscopy, Electron, ScanningPasteurella
P. mirabilis---A group of faecal isolates of Proteus vulgaris and P. mirabilis was studied for the presence of possible virulence factors such as growth rates in urine and broth, haemolysin production, hydrophobicity, sensitivity to the bactericidal activity of human serum and cell invasiveness.
P. mirabilis---These differences might explain why P. mirabilis is much more common in human urinary-tract infections than P. vulgaris.
B. endodontalis---Strains of B. gingivalis degraded IgG, IgM, C3 and C5, strains of B. intermedius IgG and C3, strains of B. endodontalis C3 and IgG and a strain of B. loeschei degraded only IgG.
B. gingivalis---Strains of B. gingivalis degraded IgG, IgM, C3 and C5, strains of B. intermedius IgG and C3, strains of B. endodontalis C3 and IgG and a strain of B. loeschei degraded only IgG.
B. intermedius---Strains of B. gingivalis degraded IgG, IgM, C3 and C5, strains of B. intermedius IgG and C3, strains of B. endodontalis C3 and IgG and a strain of B. loeschei degraded only IgG.
P. granulosum---Twenty-five facial isolates of Propionibacterium acnes and eight of P. granulosum were studied.
P. avidum---A further seven axillary strains of P. avidum were included for purely taxonomic interest.
Acholeplasma laidlawii---Acholeplasma laidlawiiBacteriophagesBase CompositionDNA Restriction EnzymesDNA, CircularDNA, Single-StrandedDNA, ViralGenes, ViralNucleic Acid HybridizationViral ProteinsVirion
Legionella pneumophila---The hypothesis that potable water was the source for the outbreak was further supported by isolation of Legionella pneumophila (the agent of legionnaires' disease) from the hospital water supply, observation that a sudden upsurge had occurred in the number of cases following a peculiar manipulation of the hospital water system, and documentation of a 30-fold increase in concentration of organisms in the water when this manipulation was artificially recreated.
Legionella pneumophila---Legionella pneumophila serogroup 6 was isolated from the women's whirlpool.
Corynebacterium parvum---Adjuvant Corynebacterium parvum immunotherapy for squamous cell epitheliomas of the oral cavity, pharynx, and larynx.
Corynebacterium parvum---Patients with primary squamous cell epitheliomas of the oral cavity, pharynx, and larynx were stratified according to stage and site and randomized to receive either intratumoral immunotherapy with Corynebacterium parvum followed 2 weeks later by surgery and postoperative C parvum for 2 years or surgery alone.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---All the strains tested (101 strains of Mycoplasma salivarium, 97 strains of Mycoplasma orale, and 3 strains each of Mycoplasma hominis and Ureaplasma urealyticum) decomposed horse serum proteins, bovine albumin, and casein.
M. salivarium---Ten of the M. salivarium and 8 of the M. orale strains were tested for aminopeptidase activity as well, using L-leucine-p-nitroanilide as a substrate, and were shown to possess the activity.
M. salivarium---The level of both caseinolytic and aminopeptidase activity was significantly higher in M. salivarium than M. orale strains.
Leiurus quinquestriatus---This inhibitor, a minor component of the venom of the Israeli scorpion, Leiurus quinquestriatus, reversibly blocks the large Ca2+-activated K+ channel in a simple biomolecular reaction.
Pasteurella multocida---Organisms isolated from infectious foci were Staphylococcus aureus (9), Streptococcus pneumoniae (6), Streptococcus pyogenes (3), Escherichia coli (2); and Haemophilus influenzae type b, nontypable H. influenzae, Group B streptococcus, Pasteurella multocida, Haemophilus parainfluenzae and satelliting streptococcus (1 each).
B. subtilis---It appears that the Gram-negative cat translation initiation site has mutated to permit efficient utilization in B. subtilis without directly affecting Shine-Dalgarno sequence homology.
B. subtilis---This report suggests that secondary structure in the vicinity of the Shine-Dalgarno site can exert a strong positive influence on the initiation of translation in B. subtilis.
Clostridium sticklandii---A selenium-containing nucleoside at the first position of the anticodon in seleno-tRNAGlu from Clostridium sticklandii.
Clostridium sticklandii---In previous studies, the single selenonucleoside component of a selenium-containing tRNAGlu isolated from Clostridium sticklandii has been shown to be 5-methyl-aminomethyl-2-selenouridine.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Ureaplasma urealyticum should be considered in patients with symptomatic pyuria and negative routine cultures.
Corynebacterium glutamicum---New bacteriophage-like particles in Corynebacterium glutamicum.
Corynebacterium glutamicum---Three new phage-like particles (CG1, CG2, and CGK1) were isolated from Corynebacterium glutamicum CBII.
Lychnorhiza lucerna---The principal species involved include Pelagia noctiluca, Physalia physalis and probably Lychnorhiza lucerna.
Treponema pallidum---The biotin/avidin system was adapted to the FTA technique for detection of IgG, IgM, and IgA antibodies specific to Treponema pallidum.
Treponema pallidum---AdolescentAdultAvidinBiotinChildChild, PreschoolFemaleFluorescent Antibody TechniqueHumansImmunoglobulin GImmunoglobulin MInfantMaleMiddle AgedSyphilisSyphilis SerodiagnosisTreponema pallidum
Spermophilus lateralis---We have studied the ultrastructure of Sertoli-cell processes that extend into developing germ cells of the ground squirrel (Spermophilus lateralis).
Procambarus clarkii---Depending on the pre-experimental treatment, densities as well as sizes of particles associated with the visual membranes in the eyes of Procambarus clarkii varied.
P. clarkii---It is concluded that the retinula cytoplasm is involved in restoring depleted stocks of photopigment, and that the biological sense of possessing an increase in red sensitivity during the warm summer months lies in the correlation of light penetration in the natural habitat of P. clarkii and optimal exploitation of the habitat.
Opheodrys semicarinatus---The examination using a 90 m net trap set for 116 days resulted in the capture of 44 snakes, i.e., 7 T. flavoviridis, 7 Dinodon semicarinatus and 33 Opheodrys semicarinatus, of which the latter two were nonvenomous.
T. flavoviridis---The examination using a 90 m net trap set for 116 days resulted in the capture of 44 snakes, i.e., 7 T. flavoviridis, 7 Dinodon semicarinatus and 33 Opheodrys semicarinatus, of which the latter two were nonvenomous.
Schistosoma haematobium---ChildDrug Administration ScheduleHematuriaHumansMaleParasite Egg CountPraziquantelSchistosoma haematobiumSchistosomiasis
Aphonopelma seemanni---[The micronecrotic effect of the venom of Aphonopelma seemanni (Araneae: Theraphosidae) of Costa Rica in the white mouse]The venom of female spiders (Aphonopelma seemanni) induces necrosis of skeletal muscle in mice.
B. fragilis---There is widespread resistance to the beta-lactam antibiotics in the B. fragilis group of organisms and there is emerging penicillin resistance in other Bacteroides species.
B. fragilis---The transfer of the common beta-lactamase, penicillinase, and cefoxitin resistance has been documented in B. fragilis.
B. fragilis---The mechanism of tetracycline resistance in B. fragilis is the lack of accumulation of intracellular drug; the resistance is widespread in anaerobic bacteria and is seen in two-thirds of the B. fragilis strains.
B. fragilis---The susceptibility of Bacteroides in the United States in 1983 from a multi-center study reveals a 5% incidence of resistance in B. fragilis and 1% in Bacteroides species.
Schistosoma mekongi---Schistosomiasis in Southeast Asia, caused by Schistosoma japonicum, Schistosoma mekongi and Schistosoma japonicum-like, have been reported from six different countries.
P. mirabilis---The following have been demonstrated: With a standardized model of P. mirabilis peritonitis in ICR mice, when optimal doses of an aminoglycoside antibiotic (kanamycin) are given so as to reduce mortality maximally, abrupt and significant increments occur in endotoxemia, which cannot be attributed to impairment of clearance of endotoxin.
P. mirabilis---MP, although unable to reduce mortality from P. mirabilis peritonitis in the absence of antibiotic therapy, does so when endotoxin is added to the challenge inoculum.
P. mirabilis---It is concluded from these observations that aminoglycoside antibiotic treatment can shift the lethal mechanisms during P. mirabilis peritonitis from those involving bacterial proliferation and low levels of endotoxemia to those involving bacterial death and release of large amounts of endotoxin.
P. mirabilis---Finally, since animals surviving after antibiotic treatment have significantly greater endotoxemia than those dying without such treatment and since MP does not reduce mortality in the absence of antibiotic therapy but does so if endotoxin is added to the challenge inoculum, it appears that endotoxin may not play a critical role in the pathogenesis of mortality from untreated P. mirabilis peritonitis.
Corynebacterium haemolyticum---Thirty-nine untreated lesions were studied: 37 (95%) grew beta haemolytic streptococci (46% group A, 3% group B, 23% group C, 26% group G), 21 (54%) grew Staphylococcus aureus and 13 (33%) grew Corynebacterium haemolyticum.
N. americanus---In a group of rural school children in the highlands of Papua New Guinea with an initial prevalence of Ascaris lumbricoides 71 per cent, Trichuris trichiura 69 per cent and Necator americanus (hookworm) 95 per cent, 2 1/2 months after treatment with mebendazole the prevalence of A. lumbricoides and T. trichiura was very low, that of N. americanus was about 20 per cent and all egg counts were very low.
N. americanus---Prevalence of T. trichiura and N. americanus, one year after treatment, was lower than before treatment and 97 per cent of egg counts were low.
N. americanus---Two years after treatment, prevalence of all species was normal, but mean egg counts of N. americanus were about half of pretreatment levels.
M. scrofulaceum---Other mycobacteria, HI-75 (Skinsnes) and M. scrofulaceum, showed growth in the foot pad initially which persisted in the case of M. scrofulaceum until the 20th post-inoculation month, but no ultrastructural changes were observed in the sciatic nerves of these mice.
M. lepraemurium---M. lepraemurium showed growth in the foot pad but no lesions were seen in the sciatic nerve.
Onchidium verruculatum---The effects of specific protein modifying reagents on the dose (Glu)-response (delta G) relationship of the glutamate-hyperpolarizing (Glu-H) receptors in molluscan neurons (Onchidium verruculatum) were analyzed.
Biomphalaria glabrata---Comparative studies of the dispersal and the vagility capabilities of Biomphalaria glabrata and Biomphalaria straminea.
B. glabrata---Experiments reported in the current paper, carried out under semi-field conditions created in the laboratory, have shown that B. straminea has competitive superiority when compared with B. glabrata.
B. glabrata---In addition, B. straminea was able to compete successfully with B. glabrata.
Diphyllobothrium pacificum---Only at the unit II coprolites containing helminth eggs identified as Diphyllobothrium pacificum were found.
Diphyllobothrium pacificum---The presence of this tapeworm, a parasite of the American Sea Lion, in human coprolites, points to a diet which included marine fishes and provides information on the antiquity of infection by Diphyllobothrium pacificum.
Lutzomyia panamensis---The probable vector was Lutzomyia panamensis.
L. hirsuta---L. ayrozai and L. hirsuta represented 92% of the total species captured.
Spheniscus magellanicus---[A nematode parasite of the penguin Spheniscus magellanicus (Forster) (Ascaridoidea, Anisakidae)]The nematodes were collected from the penguin Spheniscus magellanicus (Forster) (Sphenisciformes).
C. antarcticum---A study from the main species of Contracaecum that occur in penguins and piscivorous birds from the south hemisphere is made, more specifically the C. eudyptulae Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942a, C. eudyptes Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1953, C. heardi Mawson, 1953, C. antarcticum Johnston, 1938, C. prevosti Tchprakoff, 1966, C. spiculigerum (Rudolphi, 1809), C. osculatum (Rudolphi, 1802), C. scotti (Leiper &amp; Atkinson, 1914) and C. pelagicum Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942b.
C. heardi---A study from the main species of Contracaecum that occur in penguins and piscivorous birds from the south hemisphere is made, more specifically the C. eudyptulae Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942a, C. eudyptes Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1953, C. heardi Mawson, 1953, C. antarcticum Johnston, 1938, C. prevosti Tchprakoff, 1966, C. spiculigerum (Rudolphi, 1809), C. osculatum (Rudolphi, 1802), C. scotti (Leiper &amp; Atkinson, 1914) and C. pelagicum Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942b.
C. osculatum---A study from the main species of Contracaecum that occur in penguins and piscivorous birds from the south hemisphere is made, more specifically the C. eudyptulae Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942a, C. eudyptes Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1953, C. heardi Mawson, 1953, C. antarcticum Johnston, 1938, C. prevosti Tchprakoff, 1966, C. spiculigerum (Rudolphi, 1809), C. osculatum (Rudolphi, 1802), C. scotti (Leiper &amp; Atkinson, 1914) and C. pelagicum Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942b.
C. pelagicum---A study from the main species of Contracaecum that occur in penguins and piscivorous birds from the south hemisphere is made, more specifically the C. eudyptulae Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942a, C. eudyptes Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1953, C. heardi Mawson, 1953, C. antarcticum Johnston, 1938, C. prevosti Tchprakoff, 1966, C. spiculigerum (Rudolphi, 1809), C. osculatum (Rudolphi, 1802), C. scotti (Leiper &amp; Atkinson, 1914) and C. pelagicum Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942b.
C. spiculigerum---A study from the main species of Contracaecum that occur in penguins and piscivorous birds from the south hemisphere is made, more specifically the C. eudyptulae Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942a, C. eudyptes Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1953, C. heardi Mawson, 1953, C. antarcticum Johnston, 1938, C. prevosti Tchprakoff, 1966, C. spiculigerum (Rudolphi, 1809), C. osculatum (Rudolphi, 1802), C. scotti (Leiper &amp; Atkinson, 1914) and C. pelagicum Johnston &amp; Mawson, 1942b.
C. pelagicum---C. pelagicum is redescribed and turns to be a new reference for Spheniscus magellanicus (Forster).
Spheniscus magellanicus---C. pelagicum is redescribed and turns to be a new reference for Spheniscus magellanicus (Forster).
Xenopsylla cheopis---The species of ectoparasites captured from 950 Rattus norvegicus norvegicus were: Xenopsylla cheopis, Ctenocephalides felis felis, Polyplax spinulosa, Laelaps nuttalli, Echinolaelaps echidninus and Atricholaelaps glasgowi, the last species only represented by three specimens interchanged with wild rodent.
P. spinulosa---P. spinulosa and L. nuttalli, although cosmopolitan, are recorded for the first time in State of Minas Gerais.
P. spinulosa---P. spinulosa, contrary to L. nuttalli, rarely occurs in single infestation.
R. robustus---The pathological effects of Trypanosoma rangeli on Rhodnius prolixus and R. robustus, and the relation of mortality to infection, were studied under laboratory conditions.
R. robustus---Frequent observations revealed that when the first instar nymphs of R. prolixus and R. robustus were infected with T. rangeli, survival of the bugs during the stages of development to the adult stage decreased.
R. robustus---In R. robustus a progressive increase of the mortality from the first to fifth instars, was observed.
R. robustus---The pathogenicity of T. rangeli as measured by overall mortality was the same in R. prolixus and R. robustus.
Acrocomia sclerocarpa---[Occurrence and biology of Rhodnius neglectus Lent, 1954 in palm trees of suburban areas of Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais]Eighty-one &quot;macaubeiras&quot; palm-trees (Acrocomia sclerocarpa) from the periphery of Belo Horizonte city were cut down and dissected between April 1979 and July 1980.
Lutzomyia longipalpis---Leishmania infections in Lutzomyia longipalpis (Diptera:Psychodidae) on the island of So Luis, Maranho State, Brazil.
Lutzomyia longipalpis---Dissection of Lutzomyia longipalpis, captured in the So Luis focus of visceral Leishmaniasis revealed a 1.8% promastigote infection rate.
Biomphalaria glabrata---[Biomphalaria glabrata in the state of Piaui]The occurrence of Biomphalaria glabrata is recorded for the first time in the state of Piaui, where it was collected from several breeding places in the city of Parnaba.
B. glabrata---The presence of B. glabrata in Parnaba extends by 20 km eastward its range on the Northern Coastal Region of the Great Northeastern Region of Brazil, where it had been found as far as Araioses, on the eastern extreme of the state of Maranho.
Biomphalaria glabrata---[New foci of transmission of Schistosoma mansoni in the state of Par]Two new foci of transmission of Schistosoma mansoni in the state of Par are recorded, with the finding of naturally infected Biomphalaria glabrata in the municipalities of Viseu and Belm.
Biomphalaria schrammi---Uninfected specimens of Biomphalaria straminea, as well as the planorbid species Biomphalaria schrammi, Drepanotrema lucidum and D. anatinum, were found in the same area.
D. anatinum---Uninfected specimens of Biomphalaria straminea, as well as the planorbid species Biomphalaria schrammi, Drepanotrema lucidum and D. anatinum, were found in the same area.
Drepanotrema lucidum---Uninfected specimens of Biomphalaria straminea, as well as the planorbid species Biomphalaria schrammi, Drepanotrema lucidum and D. anatinum, were found in the same area.
Lutzomyia intermedia---[Natural infection of Lutzomyia intermedia Lutz &amp; Neiva, 1912, in an endemic area of visceral leishmaniasis of Rio de Janeiro]In a focus of cutaneous leishmaniasis in Jacarepagu, Rio de Janeiro, one specimen of Lutzomyia intermedia was found naturally infected with Leishmania braziliensis.
Protracheoniscus amoenus---The faecal actinomycete flora of Protracheoniscus amoenus (woodlice; Isopoda).
Chromatoiulus projectus---Following a marked order of preference, adults of Protracheoniscus amoenus consumed in preference tests the fallen, weathered leave species of forest litter much more selectively than those of the millipede Chromatoiulus projectus.
Protracheoniscus amoenus---Following a marked order of preference, adults of Protracheoniscus amoenus consumed in preference tests the fallen, weathered leave species of forest litter much more selectively than those of the millipede Chromatoiulus projectus.
Treponema pallidum---Enriched immune T cell suspension protects rabbits against infection with Treponema pallidum.
T. pallidum---) with T. pallidum in order to check their immune status.
T. pallidum---Only rabbits which received immune T cells showed a state of resistance to infection with T. pallidum, whereas recipients of lymphocytes of three other groups did not.
C. oxystoma---The following species of insect yielded viruses which were identified and those viruses marked with an asterisk represent a new record of insect host: Culex annulirostris: Ross River, Kokobera, Barmah Forest, Corriparta, Eubenangee*, Wongorr; Anopheles amictus: Mapputta*; An bancroftii: bovine ephemeral fever*; An farauti: Eubenangee*; An annulipes: Mapputta; Culicoides marksi: Barmah Forest*, Belmont, Eubenangee*, Wallal, Warrego, Leanyer*, Parker's Farm*, Humpty Doo*; C. peregrinus: Beatrice Hill*; C. oxystoma: Bunyip Creek*, Marrakai*; C. pallidothorax: Wongorr*; C. histrio: Thimiri*; Lasiohelea spp.
C. peregrinus---The following species of insect yielded viruses which were identified and those viruses marked with an asterisk represent a new record of insect host: Culex annulirostris: Ross River, Kokobera, Barmah Forest, Corriparta, Eubenangee*, Wongorr; Anopheles amictus: Mapputta*; An bancroftii: bovine ephemeral fever*; An farauti: Eubenangee*; An annulipes: Mapputta; Culicoides marksi: Barmah Forest*, Belmont, Eubenangee*, Wallal, Warrego, Leanyer*, Parker's Farm*, Humpty Doo*; C. peregrinus: Beatrice Hill*; C. oxystoma: Bunyip Creek*, Marrakai*; C. pallidothorax: Wongorr*; C. histrio: Thimiri*; Lasiohelea spp.
Acanthamoeba polyphaga---A patient with a corneal ulcer caused by Acanthamoeba polyphaga has been successfully treated with a penetrating keratoplasty.
Clostridium ramosum---[Characterization of species of the genus Clostridium by gas chromatographic analysis of the fatty acids produced during metabolism]Volatile and non volatile fatty acids deriving from the bacterial metabolism of different sugars were determined by gas-chromatography to better characterize Clostridium tertium and Clostridium ramosum.
C. albicans---Candida strains were identified by cultural and biochemical tests, and moreover serological types of C. albicans were detected.
Pasteurella multocida---Endotoxins of Pasteurella multocida, Pseudomonas aeruginosa, Neisseria gonorrhoeae, and Shigella sonnei, when given in a single intravenous injection in the rat, showed antidipsogenic effects on drinking behaviour stimulated by 48 h water deprivation, or by intracerebroventricular injection of carbachol (250 ng).
Lactobacillus murinus---Purification and properties of malolactic enzyme from Lactobacillus murinus CNRZ 313.
Lactobacillus murinus---The malolactic enzyme of Lactobacillus murinus was purified 79 fold.
Ambystoma mexicanum---Embryonic eye primordia were transplanted from the anuran, Xenopus laevis, to the urodele, Ambystoma mexicanum, in order to assess whether retinal axons of one species could grow to appropriate central targets in a distantly related species.
Ambystoma mexicanum---AmbystomaAmbystoma mexicanumAnimalsAutoradiographyAxonsEvolutionProlineRetinaSpecies SpecificitySuperior ColliculiTime FactorsVisual PathwaysXenopus laevis
Oryctolagus cuniculus---Wild rabbits Oryctolagus cuniculus (L) introduced to Australia over a century ago successfully colonized diverse environments in a large part of the continent varying from arid desert, alps, to lush grasslands and coastline where water and salt may be either abundant or very scarce.
A. hydrophila---The O-antigens of 307 strains of mesophilic Aeromonas including 227 A. hydrophila and 80 A. caviae were studied and 44 O-serogroups defined among them.
Gardnerella vaginalis---These antibiotic combinations effectively suppressed growth of Gardnerella vaginalis, anaerobic cocci and species of Bacteroides.--In 291 women, comparison was made of the detection of CR morphotype bacteria in methylene-blue-stained smears and the results of vaginal cultures for CR. A long variant (2-4 micron) was found in 42% by direct microscopy and 43% by culture.
Haemophilus vaginalis---Almost 30 years ago Gardner &amp; Dukes introduced the term Haemophilus vaginalis vaginitis.
Gardnerella vaginalis---FemaleGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilus InfectionsHumansLeukorrheaVaginal SmearsVaginitis
Gardnerella vaginalis---Vaginal colonization with Gardnerella vaginalis and anaerobic curved rods.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Ninety-four women colonized with anaerobic curved rods (CR) and/or Gardnerella vaginalis, were studied.
Gardnerella vaginalis---AdolescentAdultBacteria, AnaerobicFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilusHumansMiddle AgedVagina
Gardnerella vaginalis---Bacteria, AnaerobicCandida albicansChlamydia trachomatisFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHumansNeisseria gonorrhoeaeTrichomonas vaginalisVaginaVaginitis
B. ureolyticus---However, the latter was flagellated and had a DNA G + C content (46-49 mol%) that was different from B. ureolyticus (28 mol%) and the NGU-associated strains (28-30 mol%).
B. ureolyticus---These strains and B. ureolyticus shared many properties but electron microscopy of the NGU-associated strains revealed polar pili which were not seen on the strain of B. ureolyticus examined.
B. ureolyticus---Other tests which differentiated B. ureolyticus from the NGU-associated strains, being positive only for the latter, were lysine and ornithine decarboxylation, beta-haemolysis and growth in 5% oxygen: those that were negative for the NGU-associated strains were pitting of agar on primary culture and the production of acetate and lactate as metabolic end-products.
B. ureolyticus---Despite these differences, the NGU-associated strains may be biotypes or variants of B. ureolyticus, a species which we now consider needs further study and classification.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Recovery of anaerobic curved rods and Gardnerella vaginalis from the urethra of men, including male heterosexual consorts of female carriers.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Three hundred and nine men attending a clinic for sexually transmitted diseases were studied regarding urethral colonization with anaerobic curved rods (CR), Gardnerella vaginalis, Bacteroides ureolyticus, as well as for chlamydiae and gonococci.
B. ureolyticus---Fourteen (4.5%) men were culture-positive for G. vaginalis and 58 (18.7%) for B. ureolyticus.
B. ureolyticus---Of the 10 men with CR, two concomitantly harboured Chlamydia trachomatis, four B. ureolyticus, and one G. vaginalis.
B. ureolyticus---The corresponding figures for those men with urethritis and who were colonized with G. vaginalis only were one of six, and for those carrying B. ureolyticus 14 of 37.
Gardnerella vaginalis---AdolescentAdultBacteria, AnaerobicBacteroidesCarrier StateChlamydia trachomatisGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilusHumansMaleMiddle AgedNeisseria gonorrhoeaeUrethraUrethritis
B. bivius---There was a significant increase in the adherence of ACR (p less than 0.05) and B. bivius (p less than 0.05) at decreasing acidity.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Studies on the mechanism of adhesion of Gardnerella vaginalis to human erythrocytes.
Gardnerella vaginalis---A quantitative method using radiolabelled bacteria was used to examine the adherence of Gardnerella vaginalis to human erythrocytes.
Gardnerella vaginalis---ErythrocytesFemaleGalactoseGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilusHumansHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationTemperatureVaginitis
Gardnerella vaginalis---Can Gardnerella vaginalis and anaerobic curved rods attach to vaginal epithelial cells in vitro, resulting in clue cells?
Gardnerella vaginalis---Bacteria, AnaerobicEpitheliumFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilusHumansVaginaVaginitis
Gardnerella vaginalis---Challenge with anaerobic curved rods and Gardnerella vaginalis.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Gardnerella vaginalis was used for challenge in one monkey.
Gardnerella vaginalis---AnimalsBacteria, AnaerobicCercopithecusCercopithecus aethiopsDisease Models, AnimalFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilusHaemophilus InfectionsVaginitis
Gardnerella vaginalis---Vaginal colonization of pig-tailed macaques by Gardnerella vaginalis.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Ten pig-tailed macaques inoculated intravaginally with Gardnerella vaginalis organisms were colonized for 11-39 days.
Gardnerella vaginalis---AnimalsBacteria, AnaerobicDisease Models, AnimalFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilusHaemophilus InfectionsMacaca nemestrinaVaginaVaginitis
Gardnerella vaginalis---Organisms associated with BV, such as Gardnerella vaginalis, anaerobic bacteria, and/or genital mycoplasmas, were recovered from the endometrium of 61 of 101 women with clinical signs of endometritis.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Bacteria, AnaerobicEndometritisFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHumansInfant, NewbornMycoplasmaObstetric Labor, PrematurePregnancyPregnancy Complications, InfectiousPuerperal InfectionVaginitis
Gardnerella vaginalis---Anti-Bacterial AgentsFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilus InfectionsHumansMaleMicrobial Sensitivity TestsVaginitis
Gardnerella vaginalis---Studies using improved bacteriologic culture techniques, however, indicate that the previously held assumptions (i) that lactobacilli are the only bacteria present in healthy women, and (ii) that Gardnerella vaginalis is the only species associated with bacterial vaginosis, were oversimplifications.
Gardnerella vaginalis---FemaleGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilus InfectionsHumansMycoplasmaMycoplasma InfectionsVaginaVaginitis
Gardnerella vaginalis---The bacteriology of Gardnerella vaginalis.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Later, however, growth characteristics and other features resulted in their being placed in the genus Corynebacterium, before it was realized that this was inappropriate and they were transferred to a new genus and species Gardnerella vaginalis.
Gardnerella vaginalis---(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)Anti-Bacterial AgentsFemaleGardnerella vaginalisHaemophilusHaemophilus InfectionsHumansMicrobial Sensitivity TestsSerologic TestsSerotypingVaginaVaginitis
P. carinii---The data suggest that 1) P. carinii is enzootic in certain rat colonies; 2) in utero transmission is a distinct possibility; and 3) paucity of cysts does not rule out P. carinii, as trophozoites predominate in early or sub-clinical infections.
P. carinii---Histologic data support the validity of CIE for noninvasive detection of P. carinii antigen.
P. carinii---These data have significant implications for the natural history, diagnosis, and epidemiology of P. carinii with regard to the human host.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Histoplasma capsulatum fungemia documented using the DuPont Isolator System.
Histoplasma capsulatum---A patient with disseminated histoplasmosis is described in whom blood cultures were negative using conventional media but positive for Histoplasma capsulatum using the DuPont Isolator system.
P. carinii---None of these assays was helpful in the diagnosis of P. carinii pneumonia.
Mesocricetus auratus---The sleep-wakefulness cycle (SWC) of euthermic golden hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus) after 5 weeks of warm (30 degrees C) and of cold (5 degrees C) acclimation, was recorded at ambient temperatures between 5 degrees and 35 degrees C. Significant influences both of acclimation and of recording temperature were detected.
M. fascicularis---In the present study, a continuation and elaboration of the earlier work, 4 chair-restrained monkeys (M. fascicularis) were studied concurrently.
Clostridium pasteurianum---Seven complete and four partial sequences of Escherichia coli L7/L12-type ribosomal &quot;A&quot; proteins obtained from various bacteria (E. coli, Bacillus subtilis, Micrococcus lysodeikticus, Rhodopseudomonas spheroides, Desulfovibrio vulgaris, Streptomyces griseus, Bacillus stearothermophilus, Clostridium pasteurianum, Arthrobacter glacialis, and Vibrio costicola) and spinach chloroplast have been reexamined using a computer program that searches for homologous tertiary structures.
R. cyanophlyctis---The results suggest that B3 cells are the probable source of ACTH and there exists a relationship between the pituitary and interrenal gland of the frog, R. cyanophlyctis.
Penicillium verrucosum var---[The lipolytic system of Penicillium verrucosum var.
Penicillium verrucosum var---I. Precharacterization of the lipase system]The principal properties of the lipase produced by Penicillium verrucosum var cyclopium Westling, were studied.
Ceratitis capitata---[Parasitic effect of Opius concolor (Spzl) (Hymenoptera, Braconidae) on an intermediate host Ceratitis capitata Wied (Diptera, Trypetidae)]The parasitic incidence of Opius concolor (Hymenoptera, Braconidae) on a replacement host, Ceratitis capitata (Diptera, Trypetidae) was studied using polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis and immunoelectrophoresis methods.
C. capitata---A noticeable modification of C. capitata proteins was observed when parasited by O. concolor.
Rattus norvegicus albinicus---[High levels of manganese in the diet of rats (Rattus norvegicus albinicus).
Sesamum indicum---[Obtaining protein fractions from commercial sesame cakes (Sesamum indicum)]Sesame press cake represents an important potential protein source for human consumption.
Campsiandra comosa---[Use of chigo seed (Campsiandra comosa, Benth) in human nutrition.
Campsiandra comosa---I. Antecedents, nutritional potential, and characteristics of the plant and seed]A review of the information in the literature in regard to the utilization of the seed of the &quot;chigo&quot; (Campsiandra comosa, Benth) as human food in Venezuela, is presented.
Campsiandra comosa---[Use of chigo seed (Campsiandra comosa, Benth) in human nutrition.
Campsiandra comosa---The &quot;chiga&quot; flour is obtained from the seed of the &quot;chigo&quot; (Campsiandra comosa, Benth) and is utilized as a human food in areas of Venezuela in the Orinoco basin, especially in the State of Apure and in the Territorio Federal Amazonas.
M. scrofulaceum---Comparative skin tests with 2 TU PPD-RT 23 with Tween 80 (prepared from M. tuberculosis) and 5 TU PPD-RS 95 with Tween 80 (prepared from M. scrofulaceum) were intradermally given to a total of 1,140 7-year-old children in two towns of Karvin district (340 and 255 children) and in Teplice (267 children) and Prague (278 children).
A. cantonensis---The antibody titre was 1:51,200 in the serum and 1:6,400 in CSF with preadult A. cantonensis antigen.
A. cantonensis---Experimental infection with 100 A. cantonensis larvae in albino rats indicated positive CIEP reaction in serum from the day 5 to 375 after infection.
Lamellodiscus hilii---Three new species: Lamellodiscus hilii, L. bidens, L. impervius, parasites of Puntazzo puntazzo (Sparidae) are described.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Ureaplasma urealyticum and upper urinary tract stones.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---The occurrence of bacteria and Ureaplasma urealyticum in the upper urinary tract was studied in 50 patients operated on for renal stones.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Ureaplasma urealyticum was cultured from the upper urinary tract in 1 patient with metabolic stones, and in 7 with infection stones.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---In 4 of these 7 patients no other urease-producing micro-organism was detected, suggesting that Ureaplasma urealyticum may have been associated with stone formation in these patients.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Drug StabilityGeobacillus stearothermophilusGuanidineGuanidinesKineticsL-Lactate DehydrogenasePressureProtein DenaturationThermodynamics
M. fascicularis---The stimulus, delivered to 2 female adult macaque monkeys (M. fascicularis) fitted with indwelling cannulas, consisted of pile-driver impacts and other construction noises presented either in 4-hr (Leq24 = 86.6 db) or 8-hr (Leq24 = 89.6 db) daily sessions.
Colinus virginianus---Audibility curve of bobwhite quail (Colinus virginianus).
Colinus virginianus---Male Bobwhite quail (Colinus virginianus) (N:5) were initially handled, then trained upon hearing a 1.5-kc/s tone of 3-sec duration to approach a feeder-loudspeaker system and peck a response key for food reinforcement.
Parasarcophaga crassipalpis---A case of mixed infection of Salmonella (type C2) and Parasarcophaga crassipalpis (an intestinal myiasis) in a two-year-old girl is reported.
Mesocricetus auratus---Retardation of experimental oral cancer by topical vitamin E.Forty-eight young male and female golden hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus) were divided into four groups of 12 animals each.
Drymobius margaritiferus---[Karyotype study of 5 species of Costa Rican snakes of the colubrid family]The karyotypes of five species of colubrid snakes from Costa Rica are as follows: Imantodes cenchoa and Drymobius margaritiferus have a diploid number of 36, with 16 macro- and 20 microchromosomes.
Halobacterium halobium---Long time stability of purple membranes from Halobacterium halobium.
Sesamum indicum---[Enzymatic modification of proteins of commercial sesame meals (Sesamum indicum, L.)]Sesame (Sesamum indicum, L.) is one of the most important oilseed crops in Venezuela.
Sesamum indicum---[Functional and nutritional properties of modified proteins of sesame (Sesamum indicum, L.)]A study on the functional and nutritional properties of sesame (Sesamum indicum, L.) flour, concentrate and enzymatic hydrolysates, demonstrated that nitrogen solubility of the hydrolysates is improved, in water (85%) and at different pHs (91-95%), by the action of neutrasa 0.5L and alcalasa 0.6L, yielding a product with good emulsifying and improved foaming properties.
A. profunda---[The medio-femoral approach]The authors report a series of thirty A. profunda femoris dissections by anterior approach: the medio femoral way, which is enabled to isolate an arterial segment of six centimeters.
C. auratus---[Circadian variations of Ns and Nm values in the intestinal epithelium of the fish C. auratus and of mice, and its effect on radiosensitivity]Studying the small bowel mucosa crypts of the mouse, the authors indicate a method to calculate cell production that does not need to know the mitotic proliferation and labeling indexes, employing instead the values for NS and Nm, or size of S and M phases.
S. saprophyticus---S. aureus showed an high adhesion to buccal and urinary cells; S. saprophyticus and S. epidermidis attached mainly to uroepithelial cells and to buccal cells, respectively.
Legionella pneumophila---[There exists an epidemiology of Legionella pneumophila in our country]The authors, after a brief relation on contribution given by international publications, relates about their study on Legionellosis epidemiology based on seroconversion results obtained comparing six different serotypes, precisely the ones from 1 to 6, over a sample of people living in the areas surrounding the two italian cities of Rome and Siena.
Mesocricetus auratus---Melatonin's effects were studied in male golden hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus) distributed among five surgical groups (nonoperated, sham-pinealectomized, sham-pinealectomized plus black plastic shielding of the pineal region, pinealectomized, and pinealectomized plus black plastic shielding of the pineal region) and three injection groups (vehicle only, 25 micrograms melatonin, and 2,500 micrograms melatonin).
A. gracilis---Author indicates differential dental marks of A. robustus, A. gracilis and Homo Habilis, and infers, also by environmental knowledge, that they, very likely, were fruits, roots, graminivorous eaters, using their hands in preparing the food with rudimental skill.
A. robustus---Author indicates differential dental marks of A. robustus, A. gracilis and Homo Habilis, and infers, also by environmental knowledge, that they, very likely, were fruits, roots, graminivorous eaters, using their hands in preparing the food with rudimental skill.
Tupinambis nigropunctatus---Oxygen consumption (VO2), carbon dioxide production (VCO2), and stamina were measured in the lizard Tupinambis nigropunctatus running at sustainable and non-sustainable velocities (v) on a motor-driven treadmill.
Lagostomus maximus maximus---The pineal of vizcacha (Lagostomus maximus maximus) in specimens collected during winter, has the cytological characteristic of an active organ.
A. hepatica---[Regional liver circulation and scintigraphic imaging of portal circulation with 133Xe]Regional hepatic blood flow has been determined by 4 methods with the aid of the 133Xe washout technique: scintisplenoportography (direct application of 133Xe into the spleen by means of a thin needle); arterial method (133Xe is injected into the A. hepatica by means of a catheter); retrograde-venous method (133Xe administered by an occluding hepatic vein catheter); percutaneous intrahepatic method (133Xe administered directly into the parenchyma by means of a Chiba needle).
Wangiella dermatitidis---Exophiala jeanselmei (two isolates) and Wangiella dermatitidis were cultured from apparently healthy, normal corneas.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---A model of fatal acute pulmonary or chronic pulmonary and disseminated paracoccidioidomycosis was developed by intranasal challenge of young (3-4-week-old) mice with high doses (2.5-10 X 10(7) units) or low doses (0.1-1 X 10(7)) of yeast-phase Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
P. brasiliensis---Fatal acute paracoccidioidomycosis was dose dependent; 10, 5, and 2.5 X 10(7) viable units of P. brasiliensis produced 100%, 66%, and 17% mortality, respectively, within 11 days.
P. brasiliensis---Increasing degrees of chronic pulmonary-disseminated paracoccidioidomycosis were produced by pulmonary infection of young mice with 0.1-1 X 10(7) viable units of P. brasiliensis.
P. brasiliensis---In contrast to the pathology produced by 0.1 X 10(7) P. brasiliensis in young mice, no pathology evident on gross examination was produced by a similar dose in adult mice.
C. reinhardtii---In western blots, six of the seven antisera are monospecific for their respective large subunit ribosomal proteins, and none of these antisera cross-reacted with any chloroplast small subunit proteins from C. reinhardtii.
C. reinhardtii---Antisera to this cytoplasmically synthesized group of chloroplast ribosomal proteins did not recognize any antigenic sites among C. reinhardtii cytoplasmic ribosomal proteins, suggesting that the genes for the cytoplasmically synthesized chloroplast ribosomal proteins either are not derived from the cytoplasmic ribosomal protein genes or have evolved to a point where no antigenic similarities remain.
A. calcoaceticus---Plasmids containing a 3.9-kb fragment of A. calcoaceticus DNA that also complemented E. coli trpD and trpC-(trpF+) mutants were obtained.
A. calcoaceticus---Comparison of the A. calcoaceticus trpGDC sequences with other known trp gene sequences has allowed insight into (1) the evolution of the amphibolic trpG gene, (2) varied strategies for coordinate expression of trp genes, and (3) mechanisms of gene fusions in the trp operon.
R. norvegicus---These three features have previously been described from comparisons of the two allelic forms of C kappa genes in R. norvegicus.
P. perniciosus---P. perniciosus females were collected biting on man outside, during the first hours of the night, when the local people are at risk.
Naegleria australiensis---[First isolation in Italy of Naegleria australiensis (De Jonckheere, 1981)]An epidemiological investigation was carried out in Northern Italian spa to detect presence and incidence of free-living amoebae, mostly belonging to amphizoic species Acanthamoeba and Naegleria.
N. australiensis---Morpho-biological characterization and indirect immunofluorescence assays showed that all these strains belong to N. australiensis, a new pathogenic species.
A. lipoferum---[Differentiation among species of the genus Azospirillum]To replace the Spirillum lipoferum denomination (2) for the nitrogen fixing group of soil spirilla, the Azospirillum genus has been created in recent years (12), which includes two species: A. lipoferum and A. brasilense.
A. lipoferum---Four strains were classified as A. lipoferum and 9 as A. brasilense.
Lactococcus lactis---AnimalsBacteriological TechniquesCattleCheeseFood HandlingFood MicrobiologyFreezingLactococcus lactisMilk
A. lipoferum---As thirteen strains showed properties in common with the terrestrial species A. brasilense and the others with A. lipoferum (8) they were tentatively identified as members of these species.
Echinococcus granulosus---In this area, the slaughtering of goats population, granted special importance to a study of the parasitic cycle of Echinococcus granulosus.
Ascobolus furfuraceus---[Assays of nutrition in Ascobolus furfuraceus.
Ascobolus furfuraceus---Sources of nitrogen]The effect of various nitrogen sources on growth and efficiency parameters of Ascobolus furfuraceus was investigated.
Brevibacterium flavum---[Selection of bacterial strains for the production of threonine]The production of L-threonine in submerged culture was studied in the following bacterial strains; Brevibacterium flavum ATCC 21269, Corynebacterium acetoacidophilum ATCC 21270, Escherichia coli ATCC 21149, E. coli NRRL 12098, E. coli NRRL 12099 and E. coli NRRL 12100.
Corynebacterium acetoacidophilum---[Selection of bacterial strains for the production of threonine]The production of L-threonine in submerged culture was studied in the following bacterial strains; Brevibacterium flavum ATCC 21269, Corynebacterium acetoacidophilum ATCC 21270, Escherichia coli ATCC 21149, E. coli NRRL 12098, E. coli NRRL 12099 and E. coli NRRL 12100.
B. flavum---B. flavum reached levels of threonine of 0.72 g/l at 96 hours of culture with a volumetric relation liquid/recipient of 1:5.
C. acetoacidophilum---Excepting C. acetoacidophilum, all the strains produced threonine at levels of 0.30 to 3.55 g/l (Table 5).
Aralia elata---Production of anti-Lea-like precipitin with high specificity was also confirmed in a rabbit antiserum against the glycoconjugate prepared from young leaves of Aralia elata.
R. capsulata---Glutamine is required for the repression of nif gene transcription in R. capsulata.
Scenedesmus obliquus---Long-term cultures of Scenedesmus obliquus were maintained in an annular air-lift column operated as a turbidostat.
Scenedesmus obliquus---In this communication, we report some findings on the (steady-state) continuous culture of Scenedesmus obliquus, a physiologically well-characterized green alga with good growth characteristics.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Henyh.
Nicotiana tabacum---To test the predictive capacity of the model, dry matter accumulation in the leaves, stems, and roots of tobacco plants (Nicotiana tabacum L.) was measured at 2- or 3-day intervals during a 5-week period when temperatures in controlled-environment rooms were programmed for changes at weekly and daily intervals and in ascending or descending sequences within a range of 14 to 34 degrees C.  Simulations of dry matter accumulation and distribution were carried out using the programmed changes for experimental temperatures and compared with the measured values.
Lepidium sativum---Microtubules in statocytes from roots of cress (Lepidium sativum L.).
Lepidium sativum---Statocytes in root caps of Lepidium sativum L. were examined by means of ultrathin serial sections to evaluate the amount and distribution of cortical microtubules.
Lepidium sativum---Compression of the distal network of microtubules after centrifugation of the roots indicates that microtubules in statocytes of Lepidium sativum L. roots might function in stabilizing the distal complex of endoplasmic reticulum.
Allium cepa---Roots of onion (Allium cepa L.) are not responsive to gravity and gravistimulation induces little or no polar movement of calcium across the root tip.
Chromatium vinosum---The corresponding enzymes from Chromatium vinosum, an anoxygenic photosynthetic purple bacterium found recently to contain the NADP/thioredoxin system, differed from both those of cyanobacteria and chloroplasts in showing no response to reduced thioredoxin.
C. vinosum---Instead, C. vinosum FBPase, SBPase, and PRK activities were regulated by a metabolite effector, 5'-AMP.
Lepidium sativum---Structure of amyloplasts and endoplasmic reticulum in the root caps of Lepidium sativum and Zea mays observed after selective membrane staining and by high-voltage electron microscopy.
Lepidium sativum---A role of microtubules in the polarity of statocytes from roots of Lepidium sativum L.When roots of Lepidium sativum L. are immersed in a colchicine solution (10(-4) mol l-1, the cortical microtubules of statocytes are affected such that the dense network of microtubules at the distal cell edges, between the endoplasmic reticulum and the plasma membrane, disappears almost completely, whereas the microtubules, lining the anticlinal cell walls are reduced only to a limited extent.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Ultrastructure and movements of cell organelles in the root cap of agravitropic mutants and normal seedlings of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Funaria hygrometrica---Long clinostation influence on the ultrastructure of Funaria hygrometrica moss protonema cells.
Funaria hygrometrica---Changes in the ultrastructure of protonema cells of Funaria hygrometrica, cultivated during 20 days on a horizontal clinostat (2 rev/min), were determined by the electron microscopy method.
Funaria hygrometrica---Electron-cytochemical and biochemical methods made it possible to reveal certain differences in ATPase activity stimulation by calcium ions in root apex cells of pea seedlings and moss protonema Funaria hygrometrica grown under stationary and slow clinostatic (2 rev/min) conditions.
Avena barbata---Banding patterns of nitrate reductase (NR), nitrite reductase (NiR), and glutamine synthetase (GS) from leaves of diploid barley (Hordeum vulgare), tetraploid wheat (Triticum durum), hexaploid wheat (Triticum aestivum), and tetraploid wild oats (Avena barbata) were compared following starch gel electrophoresis.
Triticum aestivum---Banding patterns of nitrate reductase (NR), nitrite reductase (NiR), and glutamine synthetase (GS) from leaves of diploid barley (Hordeum vulgare), tetraploid wheat (Triticum durum), hexaploid wheat (Triticum aestivum), and tetraploid wild oats (Avena barbata) were compared following starch gel electrophoresis.
S. solfataricus---&quot;thermoacidophilic&quot;) archaebacteria--Sulfolobus acidocaldarius, S. solfataricus, and Thermoproteus tenax.
Halobacterium salinarum---Amino AcidsBacteriorhodopsinsBorohydridesChemical FractionationChymotrypsinCyanogen BromideDarknessHalobacterium salinarumHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationLightPolylysineProtein BindingPurple MembraneRetinaldehydeSchiff BasesTritium
C. garganicum---One of these communities is preserved in bedded, essentially flat-laminated, stromatolitic chert; the other occurs in silicified conical stromatolites of the forms Conophyton cylindricum and C. garganicum.
Methanococcus vannielii---Distribution of two selenonucleosides among the selenium-containing tRNAs from Methanococcus vannielii.
Methanococcus vannielii---Naturally occurring seleno-tRNAs from Methanococcus vannielii account for 13-20% of the total tRNA population.
Choristoneura fumiferana---Toxicity towards Choristoneura fumiferana CF1 cells was specifically inhibited by preincubation of the toxin with N-acetylgalactosamine and N-acetylneuraminic acid.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus---This study reveals that all eleven arbitrarily chosen Lactobacillus rhamnosus starter, laboratory and probiotic strains contain Lb.
Bungarus multicinctus---beta-Bungarotoxin from the Taiwan banded krait, Bungarus multicinctus is a basic protein (pI=9.5), with a molecular weight of 21,800 consisting of two different polypeptide subunits.
Stichodactyla helianthus---Purification and characterization of two hemolysins from Stichodactyla helianthus.
Stichodactyla helianthus---Two hemolysins, Sticholysin I (St I) and Sticholysin II (St II) were purified from the sea anemone Stichodactyla helianthus combining gel filtration and ion exchange chromatography.
Acheta domesticus---The venoms of 12 Pachycondyla ant species, all generalist predators, were compared for their paralytic and lethal effects during prey capture of the cricket, Acheta domesticus.
C. bruneociliata---In an attempt to examine whether such coevolutionary discrepancies also occur in plant host-parasite interactions, two strains of Ceratocystis grown on artificial medium, C. fimbriata, parasite of the plane tree, and C. bruneociliata, parasite of the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris), were compared for growth parameters, in controls and in presence of various concentrations of coniferyl alcohol (a phenolic derivative previously found to be released following inoculation of pine trees with C. bruneociliata).
C. fimbriata---In an attempt to examine whether such coevolutionary discrepancies also occur in plant host-parasite interactions, two strains of Ceratocystis grown on artificial medium, C. fimbriata, parasite of the plane tree, and C. bruneociliata, parasite of the Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris), were compared for growth parameters, in controls and in presence of various concentrations of coniferyl alcohol (a phenolic derivative previously found to be released following inoculation of pine trees with C. bruneociliata).
Acanthophis antarcticus---A pharmacological examination of venoms from three species of death adder (Acanthophis antarcticus, Acanthophis praelongus and Acanthophis pyrrhus).
Acanthophis praelongus---A pharmacological examination of venoms from three species of death adder (Acanthophis antarcticus, Acanthophis praelongus and Acanthophis pyrrhus).
Acanthophis pyrrhus---A pharmacological examination of venoms from three species of death adder (Acanthophis antarcticus, Acanthophis praelongus and Acanthophis pyrrhus).
A. antarcticus---The common (A. antarcticus), northern (A. praelongus) and desert (A. pyrrhus) death adders are species belonging to the Acanthophis genus.
A. praelongus---The common (A. antarcticus), northern (A. praelongus) and desert (A. pyrrhus) death adders are species belonging to the Acanthophis genus.
A. pyrrhus---The common (A. antarcticus), northern (A. praelongus) and desert (A. pyrrhus) death adders are species belonging to the Acanthophis genus.
A. antarcticus---A. praelongus venom was significantly less neurotoxic than A. antarcticus venom but was not significantly different from A. pyrrhus venom.
A. praelongus---A. praelongus venom was significantly less neurotoxic than A. antarcticus venom but was not significantly different from A. pyrrhus venom.
A. pyrrhus---A. praelongus venom was significantly less neurotoxic than A. antarcticus venom but was not significantly different from A. pyrrhus venom.
A. praelongus---However, A. praelongus (30 microg/ml) venom initiated a significant direct contracture of muscle, indicative of some myotoxic activity.
A. antarcticus---The prior (10 min) administration of death adder antivenom (1 unit/ml), which is raised against A. antarcticus venom, markedly attenuated the twitch blockade produced by all venoms (10 microg/ml).
A. antarcticus---Administration of antivenom (1.5 units/ml) at t(90) markedly reversed, over a period of 4 h, the inhibition of twitches produced by A. praelongus (3 microg/ml, 72+/-6% recovery) and A. pyrrhus (3 microg/ml, 51+/-9% recovery) but was less effective against A. antarcticus venom (3 microg/ml, 22+/-7% recovery).
A. praelongus---Administration of antivenom (1.5 units/ml) at t(90) markedly reversed, over a period of 4 h, the inhibition of twitches produced by A. praelongus (3 microg/ml, 72+/-6% recovery) and A. pyrrhus (3 microg/ml, 51+/-9% recovery) but was less effective against A. antarcticus venom (3 microg/ml, 22+/-7% recovery).
A. pyrrhus---Administration of antivenom (1.5 units/ml) at t(90) markedly reversed, over a period of 4 h, the inhibition of twitches produced by A. praelongus (3 microg/ml, 72+/-6% recovery) and A. pyrrhus (3 microg/ml, 51+/-9% recovery) but was less effective against A. antarcticus venom (3 microg/ml, 22+/-7% recovery).
Discodermia kiiensis---The effects of discodermin A (DC-A), a novel marine bioactive peptide extracted from sea sponge Discodermia kiiensis, on the vascular smooth muscle cells and tissues were examined.
Penicillium islandicum---Cyclochlorotin (= chloropeptide, CC) is a hepatotoxic mycotoxin of Penicillium islandicum Sopp.
Acheta domesticus---Tx4(5-5) was highly toxic to house fly (Musca domestica), cockroach (Periplaneta americana) and cricket (Acheta domesticus ), producing neurotoxic effects (knock-down, trembling with uncoordinated movements) at doses as low as 50 ng/g (house fly), 250 ng/g (cockroach) and 150 ng/g (cricket).
Gymnapistes marmoratus---) antivenom neutralises the in vitro and in vivo cardiovascular activity of soldierfish (Gymnapistes marmoratus) venom.
Gymnapistes marmoratus---The soldierfish (Gymnapistes marmoratus), which is related to the stonefish (Synanceia spp.
G. marmoratus---We have previously found that G. marmoratus venom possesses pharmacological activity similar to Synanceia trachynis venom (Hopkins, B.J., Hodgson, W.C., 1998.
Gymnapistes marmoratus---Cardiovascular studies on venom from the soldierfish (Gymnapistes marmoratus).
G. marmoratus---The aim of this study was to determine the effectiveness of Synanceia antivenom in neutralising the in vitro and in vivo cardiovascular activity of G. marmoratus venom.
G. marmoratus---In rat paced (5 ms, 2 Hz, 7-12 V) left atria, G. marmoratus venom extract (40 microg protein/ml) produced a transient negative, followed by a sustained positive inotropic response.
G. marmoratus---As Synanceia antivenom neutralised the cardiovascular activity of G. marmoratus venom both in vitro and in vivo, we suggest that the venoms of the two species may share a similar component(s).
B. lanceolatus---We have investigated the coagulant and anticoagulant actions of B. lanceolatus venom on human citrated plasma and on purified plasma components.
B. lanceolatus---Although B. lanceolatus venom up to 50 microg/ml was unable to clot citrated plasma, at concentrations > or = 5 microg/ml the venom dose-dependently clotted purified human fibrinogen, indicating the presence of a thrombin-like enzyme.
B. lanceolatus---To investigate this possibility, B. lanceolatus venom was incubated with different plasma protease inhibitors and the activity on fibrinogen tested.
B. lanceolatus---A non-toxic, acidic phospholipase A(2) purified from B. lanceolatus venom prolonged the activated partial thromboplastin time in human plasma from 39.7+/-0.5 s (control with saline) to 60.2+/-0.9 s with 50 microg of PLA(2) (p&lt;0.001), suggesting an anticoagulant activity associated with this enzyme.
Lampona cylindrata---Comparison of enzymatic activity from three species of necrotising arachnids in Australia: Loxosceles rufescens, Badumna insignis and Lampona cylindrata.
Lampona cylindrata---We have examined and compared enzymic activity from three species of Australian spiders capable of causing ulceration in humans; the recluse spider (Loxosceles rufescens), the black window spider (Badumna insignis) and the white-tailed spider (Lampona cylindrata).
A. hydrophila---Cumulative mortalities of fish obtained in the study showed that when a IC susceptible to A. hydrophila was crossed with a resistant IC, the resulting progeny exhibited intermediate levels of resistance to that of their parents.
A. suum---Results from experimental infections of A. suum in pigs have helped to elucidate the observations made in the community on human ascariasis.
A. suum---Despite a deeper understanding of the immune response of a variety of hosts to infections with either A. lumbricoides or A. suum there is at present little prospect of an effective vaccine against ascariasis.
A. suum---The relationship between A. lumbricoides and A. suum is addressed, particularly since both species, if they are indeed separate species, occur in people and their pigs in many communities.
Mytilus galloprovincialis---Comparison of pectenotoxin (PTX) profiles of toxic dinoflagellate Dinophysis acuta, Greenshell mussels (Perna canaliculus) and Blue mussels (Mytilus galloprovincialis) collected from Wedge Point, Queen Charlotte Sound, New Zealand was carried out by liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry with turbo-ionspray ionization.
Stichodactyla helianthus---Effect of pH on the conformation, interaction with membranes and hemolytic activity of sticholysin II, a pore forming cytolysin from the sea anemone Stichodactyla helianthus.
Stichodactyla helianthus---Sticholysin II (St II) is a pore forming cytolysin obtained from the sea anemone Stichodactyla helianthus.
Gymnodinium catenatum---Liquid chromatography confirmed the presence of PSP toxins when the known toxic algae were present: Gymnodinium catenatum and/or Alexandrium cf.
A. scoparius---It indicates that the starfish A. scoparius might mainly accumulate high amount of TTX from U. suturale.
B. thuringiensis---kurstaki, and the cloned gene was used to construct aprA-deleted (aprA1) strains of B. thuringiensis.
B. thuringiensis---An aprA1 strain of B. thuringiensis that contained the wild-type gene for neutral protease A (nprA(+)) displayed levels of extracellular proteolytic activity that were similar to those of an aprA(+)nprA(+) strain.
B. thuringiensis---These results suggest that enhanced yield of certain crystal proteins can be obtained by deletion of the genes aprA and nprA which are the major extracellular proteases of B. thuringiensis.
Puumala hantavirus---DNA vaccination of mice with a plasmid encoding Puumala hantavirus nucleocapsid protein mimics the B-cell response induced by virus infection.
Puumala hantavirus---To study the humoral immune response induced by DNA vaccination we cloned the entire nucleocapsid protein-encoding sequence of the Puumala hantavirus strain Vranica/Hllns into the CMV promoter-driven expression unit of the plasmid pcDNA3, generating pcDNA3-VR1.
Eupatorium adenophorum---Hepatotoxicity in rat induced by partially purified toxins from Eupatorium adenophorum (Ageratina adenophora).
Eupatorium adenophorum---A group of rats were administered a methanolic extract of Eupatorium adenophorum (Ageratina adenophora) oven-dried (60 degrees C) leaf powder and a partially purified fraction from the methanolic extract.
Androctonus australis---The role of nitric oxide on the relaxations of rabbit corpus cavernosum induced by Androctonus australis and Buthotus judaicus scorpion venoms.
Androctonus australis---In this study, we have investigated the relaxing effects of both Androctonus australis venom (AAV) and Buthotus judaicus venom (BJV) on the rabbit corpus cavernosum (RbCC) smooth muscle strips.
Anthopleura elegantissima---Isolation and characterisation of five neurotoxic and cardiotoxic polypeptides from the sea anemone Anthopleura elegantissima.
Anthopleura elegantissima---Five toxins (APE 1 to APE 5) of the sea anemone species Anthopleura elegantissima (Brandt) have been isolated from a toxic by-product fraction of its concentrated crude watery-methanolic extract, prepared previously for the isolation of a neuropeptide (the head-activator) by Schaller and Bodenmller (Proc.
Anemonia sulcata---They resemble the 47 residue type-I long polypeptide toxins native to Anemonia sulcata (Pennant).
T. serrulatus---Here, we have sought evidence for a direct action of T. serrulatus venom on the isolated rat heart (Langendorff's method).
T. serrulatus---We show that the bradycardia induced by T. serrulatus venom was completely blocked by atropine, a muscarinic receptor antagonist.
T. serrulatus---The results clearly demonstrate that the chronotropic effects of T. serrulatus are dependent on neurotransmitter release, but the inotropic effects are not.
T. serrulatus---We suggest that this direct effect on cardiac fibers may play a role in the development of cardiac arrhythmias and contractility defects following envenoming with T. serrulatus scorpion.
Methanococcus thermolithotrophicus---Switching osmolyte strategies: response of Methanococcus thermolithotrophicus to changes in external NaCl.
Methanococcus thermolithotrophicus---Methanococcus thermolithotrophicus, a thermophilic methanogenic archaeon, produces and accumulates beta-glutamate and L-alpha-glutamate as osmolytes when grown in media with &lt;1 M NaCl.
A. succiniciproducens---Glycerol consumption by A. succiniciproducens required unidentified nutritional components present in yeast extract.
Fasciola hepatica---Comparative study of the spatial relationship between nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate-diaphorase activity, serotonin immunoreactivity, and GYIRFamide immunoreactivity and the musculature of the adult liver fluke, Fasciola hepatica (Digenea, fasciolidae).
Fasciola hepatica---In this study, the authors analysed the distribution of the nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide phosphate-diaphorase (NADPH-d) reactivity in neuronal and nonneuronal tissues of the adult fluke Fasciola hepatica and compared this with the distribution of the musculature using tetramethylrhodamine isothiocyanate-phalloidin.
Fasciola hepatica---AnimalsCentral Nervous SystemFasciola hepaticaGanglia, InvertebrateGenitaliaMuscle Fibers, SkeletalNADPH DehydrogenaseNerve FibersNeuronsNeuropeptidesOligopeptidesPharynxSerotonin
Clavularia viridis---Three new chlorinated marine steroids, yonarasterols G, H and I, isolated from the okinawan soft coral, Clavularia viridis.
Clavularia viridis---Three new chlorinated marine steroids, yonarasterols G, H and I, were isolated from the Okinawan soft coral, Clavularia viridis.
Cryptococcus tsukubaensis---Constitutive 17beta-HSD activity was found in three mesophilic yeast species: Candida tropicalis, Cryptococcus tsukubaensis, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae as well as in three extremophilic black yeast species: Hortaea werneckii, Trimmatostroma salinum, and Phaeotheca triangularis, indicating that 17beta-HSD activity is widely distributed among yeast.
Trimmatostroma salinum---Constitutive 17beta-HSD activity was found in three mesophilic yeast species: Candida tropicalis, Cryptococcus tsukubaensis, and Saccharomyces cerevisiae as well as in three extremophilic black yeast species: Hortaea werneckii, Trimmatostroma salinum, and Phaeotheca triangularis, indicating that 17beta-HSD activity is widely distributed among yeast.
Cochliobolus lunatus---Enzymes resembling 17beta-HSD from the filamentous fungus Cochliobolus lunatus were detected in Trimmatostroma salinum and Phaeotheca triangularis.
Trimmatostroma salinum---Enzymes resembling 17beta-HSD from the filamentous fungus Cochliobolus lunatus were detected in Trimmatostroma salinum and Phaeotheca triangularis.
Phaseolus lunatus---When developed inside Vigna unguiculata (cowpea) seeds, fourth instar larvae have minor quantities of the slow-migrating forms, but when reared on seeds of Phaseolus vulgaris (common bean) or Phaseolus lunatus, the two slow-migrating forms are expressed in higher amounts, while activity of the major form was independent of the host seed.
Phaenicia sericata---To determine the pattern-orientation discrimination ability of blowflies, Phaenicia sericata, a learning/memory assay was developed in which sucrose served as the reward stimulus and was paired with one of two visual gratings of different orientations.
Phaenicia sericata---Blowflies, Phaenicia sericata, can be trained to discriminate in a learning paradigm in which one of the two visual cues is positively rewarded.
Phaenicia sericata---These data suggest that Phaenicia sericata can learn a visual pattern with one eye region and later recognize the same pattern with another eye region.
Paracentrotus lividus---As a model system, we used the immune cells (coelomocytes) of the Mediterranean sea urchin Paracentrotus lividus.
Rhipicephalus sanguineus---The main vector of the infection is the dog tick, Rhipicephalus sanguineus although other species may also transmit this agent.
Amblyomma aureolatum---Four tick species were found parasitizing the dogs: Amblyomma cajennense (23.6%), R. sanguineus (12.4%), Amblyomma aureolatum (2.8%) and Amblyomma ovale (2.0%).
R. sanguineus---Four tick species were found parasitizing the dogs: Amblyomma cajennense (23.6%), R. sanguineus (12.4%), Amblyomma aureolatum (2.8%) and Amblyomma ovale (2.0%).
Neospora caninum---A total of 83 dairy cows in Loei Province (Muang) and Nong Bua Lamphu (NBL) Province, northeast Thailand were sampled three times within 6 months in 1998 and their sera were examined for antibodies to Neospora caninum at a dilution of 1:100 in the indirect fluorescent antibody test (IFAT).
N. caninum---In Muang the seroprevalence of N. caninum was 37.5% (June), 60% (August), and 62.5% (November).
N. caninum---Nine of 14 and seven of 17 calves were descendants of seropositive dams, of which only two calves from Muang and two calves from NBL were positive for N. caninum antibodies.
N. caninum---These findings suggest postnatal N. caninum transmission.
Chromobacterium viscosum---It has been applied to studies of the operational stability of lipases from Chromobacterium viscosum (lyophilized powder or polypropylene-adsorbed) and Rhizomucor miehei (Lipozyme) in different experimental conditions.
Chromobacterium viscosum---Chromobacterium viscosum lipase is taken as the example.
A. tumefaciens---Southern analysis suggests that the gene encoding this elongation factor is present as a single copy in A. tumefaciens.
C. albicans---Because a strain lacking both C. albicans SEC20 alleles could not be constructed, we placed SEC20 under transcriptional control of two regulatable promoters, MET3p and PCK1p.
C. albicans---These results demonstrate the occurrence and function of Sec20p in a fungal species other than S. cerevisiae, but the lack of the N-terminal domain and the apparent absence of a close TIP20 homolog in the C. albicans genome also indicate a considerable diversity in mechanisms of retrograde vesicle traffic in eukaryotes.
T. aquaticus---Currently, very little is known about T. aquaticus transcription and no genetic system to study T. aquaticus RNAP genes is available.
T. aquaticus---To overcome these limitations, we cloned and overexpressed T. aquaticus RNAP genes in Escherichia coli.
T. aquaticus---Overproduced T. aquaticus RNAP subunits assembled into functional RNAP in vitro and in vivo when coexpressed in E. coli.
T. aquaticus---We used the recombinant T. aquaticus enzyme to demonstrate that transcription initiation, transcription termination, and transcription cleavage assays developed for E. coli RNAP can be adapted to study T. aquaticus transcription.
T. aquaticus---However, T. aquaticus RNAP differs from the prototypical E. coli enzyme in several important ways: it terminates transcription less efficiently, has exceptionally high rate of intrinsic transcript cleavage, and is highly resistant to rifampin.
Clostridium cellulolyticum---Carbon flux distribution and kinetics of cellulose fermentation in steady-state continuous cultures of Clostridium cellulolyticum on a chemically defined medium.
Clostridium cellulolyticum---The metabolic characteristics of Clostridium cellulolyticum, a mesophilic cellulolytic nonruminal bacterium, were investigated and characterized kinetically for the fermentation of cellulose by using chemostat culture analysis.
C. cellulolyticum---Since with C. cellulolyticum (i) the ATP/ADP ratio is lower than 1, (ii) the production of lactate at low specific growth rate (mu) is low, and (iii) there is a decrease of the NADH/NAD(+) ratio and q(NADH produced)/ q(NADH used) ratio as the dilution rate (D) increases in carbon-limited conditions, the chemostats used were cellulose-limited continuously fed cultures.
C. cellulolyticum---From these results, C. cellulolyticum appeared well adapted and even restricted to a cellulolytic lifestyle.
B. thermoglucosidasius---Renaturation trials revealed that the addition of DNA to purified B. thermoglucosidasius HrcA can result in solubilization of HrcA free from the denaturing agent urea.
B. thermoglucosidasius---Results from band shift and light scattering assays provided three new findings: (i) any species of DNA can serve to solubilize B. thermoglucosidasius HrcA, but DNA containing the CIRCE (controlling inverted repeat of chaperone expression) element is far more effective than other nonspecific DNA; (ii) B. thermoglucosidasius HrcA renatured with nonspecific DNA bound the CIRCE element in the molecular ratio of 2.6:1; and (iii) B. thermoglucosidasius HrcA binding to the CIRCE element was stable at below 50 degrees C whereas the complex was rapidly denatured at 70 degrees C, suggesting that the breakdown of HrcA is induced by heat stress and HrcA may act as a thermosensor to affect the expression of heat shock regulatory genes.
Stigmatella aurantiaca---The first comprises a 188-amino-acid sequence consisting essentially of alanine, proline, valine, and glutamic acid residues, similar to the APE domain observed in Stigmatella aurantiaca IF2.
Anabaena variabilis---Effect on heterocyst differentiation of nitrogen fixation in vegetative cells of the cyanobacterium Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413.
Anabaena variabilis---Anabaena variabilis ATCC 29413 is unusual in that it has two Mo-dependent nitrogenases; one, called Nif1, functions in heterocysts, while the second, Nif2, functions under anoxic conditions in vegetative cells.
Sulfolobus solfataricus---Subsequent studies focused on the use of halocin A4 preparations and Sulfolobus solfataricus.
S. solfataricus---Strain TuA4 cell lysates were not toxic for S. solfataricus, and protease (but not nuclease) treatment of the halocin A4 preparation inactivated toxicity, indicating that the A4 toxic factor must be a secreted protein.
S. solfataricus---The utility of halocin A4 preparations for genetic manipulation of S. solfataricus was assessed through the isolation of UV-induced resistant mutants.
Halobacterium salinarum---Anti-Bacterial AgentsCulture MediaDrug Resistance, MicrobialHalobacteriumHalobacterium salinarumMicrobial Sensitivity TestsMutationPeptidesPotassium ChlorideSulfolobusSulfolobus acidocaldarius
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---Anti-Bacterial AgentsCulture MediaDrug Resistance, MicrobialHalobacteriumHalobacterium salinarumMicrobial Sensitivity TestsMutationPeptidesPotassium ChlorideSulfolobusSulfolobus acidocaldarius
Methanococcus jannaschii---In this study, a conserved archaeal gene (gi1500322 in Methanococcus jannaschii) was identified as the best candidate for the missing shikimate kinase gene by the analysis of chromosomal clustering of chorismate biosynthetic genes.
P. aureofaciens---P. aureofaciens 30-84 contains a novel gene located downstream from the core phenazine operon that encodes a 55-kDa aromatic monooxygenase responsible for the hydroxylation of PCA to produce 2-OH-PCA.
Lactobacillus pentosus---The nonallosteric and allosteric L-lactate dehydrogenases of Lactobacillus pentosus and L. casei, respectively, exhibited broad substrate specificities, giving virtually the same maximal reaction velocity and substrate K(m) values for pyruvate and oxaloacetate.
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---Cloning, expression, and characterization of cis-polyprenyl diphosphate synthase from the thermoacidophilic archaeon Sulfolobus acidocaldarius.
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---In this report, we isolated the gene of cis-polyprenyl diphosphate synthase from a thermoacidophilic archaeon, Sulfolobus acidocaldarius, and characterized the recombinant enzyme.
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---Alkyl and Aryl TransferasesAmino Acid SequenceCloning, MolecularEscherichia coliMolecular Sequence DataRecombinant ProteinsSequence AlignmentSubstrate SpecificitySulfolobus acidocaldarius
C. papsilosis---Using isopycnic centrifugation of mitochondrial lysates of C. papsilosis we show that mtTBP is a structural part of mitochondrial nucleoids of C. parapsilosis and is predominantly bound to the mitochondrial telomeres.
A. ambivalens---Kinetics of electron and proton transfer during O(2) reduction in cytochrome aa(3) from A. ambivalens: an enzyme lacking Glu(I-286).
Acidianus ambivalens---Acidianus ambivalens is a hyperthermoacidophilic archaeon which grows optimally at approximately 80 degrees C and pH 2.5.
A. ambivalens---In this study we have investigated the dynamics of the reaction of the reduced A. ambivalens quinol oxidase with O(2).
A. ambivalens---Moreover, the overall electron and proton-transfer kinetics in the A. ambivalens quinol oxidase are the same as those in the E. coli ubiquinol oxidase, which indicates that in the A. ambivalens enzyme a different pathway is used for proton transfer to the binuclear center and/or other protonatable groups in an equivalent pathway are involved.
A. ambivalens---Potential candidates in that pathway are two glutamates at positions (I-80) and (I-83) in the A. ambivalens enzyme (corresponding to Met(I-116) and Val(I-119), respectively, in E. coli cytochrome bo(3)).
Scenedesmus obliquus---Electron pathways involved in H(2)-metabolism in the green alga Scenedesmus obliquus.
Scenedesmus obliquus---The green alga Scenedesmus obliquus is capable of both uptake and production of H(2) after anaerobic adaptation (photoreduction of CO(2) or photohydrogen production).
Corynebacterium glutamicum---Purification from Corynebacterium glutamicum and analysis of the QcrCBA operon encoding three subunit proteins of a putative cytochrome reductase complex.
Corynebacterium glutamicum---Electrophoresis of a Corynebacterium glutamicum membrane preparation in the presence of sodium dodecyl sulfate, followed by staining for peroxidase activity (heme staining), showed only one band at about 28 kDa.
C. glutamicum---This 28 kDa protein was purified from C. glutamicum membranes by chromatography in the presence of decylglucoside using DEAE-Toyopearl and hydroxylapatite columns, as the sole c-type cytochrome in the bacterium.
C. glutamicum---A QcrCAB operon encoding the subunits of a putative quinol cytochrome c reductase was found 3'-downstream of ctaE encoding subunit III of cytochrome aa(3) in the C. glutamicum genome.
C. glutamicum---QcrA and qcrB of C. glutamicum encode the Rieske Fe-S protein and cytochrome b, respectively, although these proteins were not co-purified with cytochrome cc.
C. glutamicum---The phylogenetic tree of cytochromes b and b(6) show that C. glutamicum cytochrome b, along with those of other bacteria in the high G+C group, is rather different from the Bacillus counterparts, but highly similar to the Deinococci and Thermus cytochromes.
Spinacia oleracea---DetergentsElectrophoresis, Gel, Two-DimensionalMembrane ProteinsPlant ProteinsPolyethylene GlycolsSolubilitySpinacia oleraceaThylakoids
C. tepidum---In the presence of Fd-NADP(+) reductase from spinach, and a purified reaction center (RC) preparation from C. tepidum composed of five kinds of polypeptides, these Fds supported the photoreduction of NADP(+) at room temperature with the following K(m) and V(max) (in micromol NADP(+) micromol BChl a(-1) h(-1)): FdA, 2.0 microm and 258; FdB, 0.49 microM and 304; FdC, 1.13 microM and 226; FdD, 0.5 microM and 242; spinach Fd, 0.54 microM and 183.
Melopsittacus undulatus---Distribution of tyrosine hydroxylase-containing neurons and fibers in the brain of the budgerigar (Melopsittacus undulatus): general patterns and labeling in vocal control nuclei.
Melopsittacus undulatus---The distribution of tyrosine hydroxylase (TH) was mapped out in cells and fibers of the budgerigar (Melopsittacus undulatus) brain.
Poephila guttata---These findings are in contrast to previous findings in zebra finch (Poephila guttata), a close ended vocal learning songbird in which TH staining in vocal nuclei increases during development and remains greater than surrounding fields throughout adulthood.
Gambierdiscus toxicus---Ciguatera poisoning is little known in temperate countries as a potentially global problem associated with human ingestion of large carnivorous fish that harbour the bioaccumulated ciguatoxins of the photosynthetic dinoflagellate Gambierdiscus toxicus.
B. pseudomallei---Burkholderia thailandensis is a nonpathogenic environmental organism closely related to B. pseudomallei.
Burkholderia thailandensis---Burkholderia thailandensis is a nonpathogenic environmental organism closely related to B. pseudomallei.
B. pseudomallei---Subtractive hybridization was carried out between these two species to identify genes encoding virulence determinants in B. pseudomallei.
B. pseudomallei---Screening of the subtraction library revealed A-T-rich DNA sequences unique to B. pseudomallei, suggesting they may have been acquired by horizontal transfer.
B. pseudomallei---This gene was insertionally inactivated in wild-type B. pseudomallei to create SR1015.
B. pseudomallei---The 50% lethal dose (LD(50)) for wild-type B. pseudomallei is &lt;10 CFU; the LD(50) for SR1015 was determined to be 3.5 x 10(5) CFU, similar to that of B. thailandensis (6.8 x 10(5) CFU).
B. thailandensis---The 50% lethal dose (LD(50)) for wild-type B. pseudomallei is &lt;10 CFU; the LD(50) for SR1015 was determined to be 3.5 x 10(5) CFU, similar to that of B. thailandensis (6.8 x 10(5) CFU).
B. stabilis---In addition, DNA from Burkholderia mallei and Burkholderia stabilis hybridized to a glycosyltransferase fragment probe, and a capsular structure was identified on the surface of B. stabilis via immunoelectron microscopy.
Burkholderia stabilis---In addition, DNA from Burkholderia mallei and Burkholderia stabilis hybridized to a glycosyltransferase fragment probe, and a capsular structure was identified on the surface of B. stabilis via immunoelectron microscopy.
B. pseudomallei---Thus, the combination of PCR-based subtractive hybridization, insertional inactivation, and animal virulence studies has facilitated the identification of an important virulence determinant in B. pseudomallei.
A. hydrophila---(A. hydrophila, A. caviae, A. veronii bv.
A. veronii---(A. hydrophila, A. caviae, A. veronii bv.
A. veronii---veronii, and A. veronii bv.
P. carinii---P. carinii f. sp. carinii infecting rats differentiated by karyotypic profiles exhibit the same low level of genetic divergence manifested by organisms infecting humans.
P. carinii---P. carinii f. sp. carinii karyotype forms 1, 2, and 6 were inoculated into immunosuppressed rats, individually and in dual combinations, spaced 0, 10, and 20 days apart.
P. carinii---These studies showed that the time between inoculations was critical in establishing coinfections and P. carinii f. sp. carinii karyotype profiles were associated with differences in biological responses.
C. albicans---We cloned and sequenced the IMH3(r) gene from C. albicans strain 1006, which was previously identified as resistant to mycophenolic acid (MPA) (A. K. Goshorn and S. Scherer, Genetics 123:213-218, 1989).
C. albicans---We used this gene as a dominant selectable marker in clinical isolates of C. albicans and Candida tropicalis.
C. albicans---In the present study, we have shown that there are no other LIG4 homologues in C. albicans.
C. albicans---However, our data show that the NHEJ apparatus of C. albicans may control morphogenesis in this diploid organism.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Cloning and expression of the Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans thioredoxin (trx) gene and assessment of cytokine inhibitory activity.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---In spite of this evidence, it has been reported that the oral bacterium and periodontopathogen Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans secretes an immunosuppressive factor (termed suppressive factor 1 [SF1] [T. Kurita-Ochiai and K. Ochiai, Infect.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---We have cloned and expressed the gene encoding the thioredoxin of A. actinomycetemcomitans and have purified the protein to homogeneity.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---The A. actinomycetemcomitans trx gene has 52 and 76% identities, respectively, to the trx genes of Escherichia coli and Haemophilus influenzae.
A. actinomycetemcomitans---We therefore conclude that the thioredoxin of A. actinomycetemcomitans does not act as an immunosuppressive factor, at least with human leukocytes in cultures, and that the identity of SF1 remains to be elucidated.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAmino Acid SequenceCells, CulturedCloning, MolecularCytokinesHumansImmunosuppressive AgentsMolecular Sequence DataMolecular WeightProtein FoldingThioredoxins
Legionella pneumophila---Legionella pneumophila major acid phosphatase and its role in intracellular infection.
Legionella pneumophila---Legionella pneumophila is an intracellular pathogen of protozoa and alveolar macrophages.
L. pneumophila---We previously demonstrated that the PilD prepilin peptidase is crucial for intracellular infection by L. pneumophila and that the secreted pilD-dependent proteins include a metalloprotease, an acid phosphatase, an esterase/lipase, a phospholipase A, and a p-nitrophenyl phosphorylcholine hydrolase.
L. pneumophila---Three mutants defective in acid phosphatase activity were isolated from a population of mini-Tn10-mutagenized L. pneumophila.
L. pneumophila---The map mutants grew within macrophage-like U937 cells and Hartmannella amoebae to the same degree as did wild-type legionellae, indicating that this acid phosphatase is not essential for L. pneumophila intracellular infection.
Legionella pneumophila---Acid PhosphataseAmino Acid SequenceAnimalsBacterial ProteinsBase SequenceCell LineEndopeptidasesLegionella pneumophilaMiceMolecular Sequence DataOpen Reading Frames
Francisella tularensis---Susceptibility to secondary Francisella tularensis live vaccine strain infection in B-cell-deficient mice is associated with neutrophilia but not with defects in specific T-cell-mediated immunity.
Francisella tularensis---Previous studies have demonstrated a role for B cells, not associated with antibody production, in protection against lethal secondary infection of mice with Francisella tularensis live vaccine strain (LVS).
Francisella tularensis---AnimalsB-LymphocytesBacterial VaccinesDisease SusceptibilityFrancisella tularensisInterferon-gammaInterleukin-1MacrophagesMaleMiceMice, Inbred C57BLNeutrophilsNitric OxideT-LymphocytesTularemia
Schistosoma haematobium---Human T- and B-cell responses to Schistosoma mansoni recombinant glyceraldehyde 3-phosphate dehydrogenase correlate with resistance to reinfection with S. mansoni or Schistosoma haematobium after chemotherapy.
S. haematobium---Recently we reported that human T- and B-cell recognition of a 42-kDa protein (p42) in soluble extracts of adult Schistosoma mansoni worms correlates with resistance to reinfection with S. mansoni or S. haematobium.
S. haematobium---Lymphoproliferation and production of interleukin-4 and gamma interferon (IFN-gamma) after in vitro stimulation with rSG3PDH and serum isotype responses to rSG3PDH were examined in individuals with extremes of resistance and susceptibility to reinfection after treatment of previous S. mansoni or S. haematobium infection.
Echinococcus granulosus---Modulation of human immune response by Echinococcus granulosus antigen B and its possible role in evading host defenses.
Echinococcus granulosus---Our objective was twofold: (i) to investigate further the role of Echinococcus granulosus antigen B (AgB) in the human early inflammatory response by determining its effect on polymorphonuclear cell (PMN) random migration, chemotaxis, and oxidative metabolism and (ii) to determine its action in acquired immunity by evaluating AgB and sheep hydatid fluid (SHF)-driven Th1 (gamma interferon [IFN-gamma] and interleukin 12 [IL-12]) and Th2 (IL-4 and IL-13) cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) from 40 patients who had cured or stable or progressive cystic echinococcosis.
P. gingivalis---When plated on Brucella blood agar, the mutant strain, designated P. gingivalis FLL92, was non-black pigmented and showed significant reduction in beta-hemolysis compared with the parent strain, P. gingivalis W83.
P. gingivalis---Expression of the rgpA, rgpB, and kgp protease genes was the same in P. gingivalis FLL92 as in the wild-type strain.
P. gingivalis---In contrast to the parent strain, P. gingivalis FLL92 showed increased autoaggregration in addition to a significant reduction in hemagglutinating and hemolysin activities.
P. gingivalis---In in vivo experiments using a mouse model, P. gingivalis FLL92 was dramatically less virulent than the parent strain.
P. gingivalis---A molecular survey of this mutant and the parent strain using all known P. gingivalis insertion sequence elements as probes suggested that no intragenomic changes due to the movement of these elements have occurred in P. gingivalis FLL92.
P. gingivalis---Taken together, these results suggest that the recA downstream gene, designated vimA (virulence-modulating gene), plays an important role in virulence modulation in P. gingivalis W83, possibly representing a novel posttranscriptional or translational regulation of virulence factors in P. gingivalis.
C. tropicalis---Using the gene SAPT1 as a probe and under low-stringency hybridization conditions, three new closely related gene sequences, SAPT2 to SAPT4, encoding secreted proteinases were cloned from a C. tropicalis lambdaEMBL3 genomic library.
C. tropicalis---All bands identified by Southern blotting of EcoRI-digested C. tropicalis genomic DNA with SAPT1 could be assigned to a specific SAP gene.
C. tropicalis---Therefore, the SAPT gene family of C. tropicalis is likely to contain only four members.
C. tropicalis---Interestingly, the SAPT2 and SAPT3 gene products, Sapt2p and Sapt3p, which have not yet been detected in C. tropicalis cultures in vitro, were produced as active recombinant enzymes with the methylotrophic yeast Pichia pastoris as an expression system.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae iron transport and urease activity: effects on bacterial virulence and host immune response.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae, a porcine respiratory tract pathogen, has been shown to express transferrin-binding proteins and urease during infection.
A. pleuropneumoniae---We used two isogenic A. pleuropneumoniae single mutants (DeltaexbB and DeltaureC) and a newly constructed A. pleuropneumoniae double (DeltaureC DeltaexbB) mutant in aerosol infection experiments.
A. pleuropneumoniae---Neither the A. pleuropneumoniae DeltaexbB mutant nor the double DeltaureC DeltaexbB mutant was able to colonize sufficiently long to initiate a detectable humoral immune response.
A. pleuropneumoniae---These results imply that the ability to utilize transferrin-bound iron is required for multiplication and persistence of A. pleuropneumoniae in the porcine respiratory tract.
A. pleuropneumoniae---The A. pleuropneumoniae DeltaureC mutant and the parent strain both caused infections that were indistinguishable from one another in the acute phase of disease; however, 3 weeks postinfection the A. pleuropneumoniae DeltaureC mutant, in contrast to the parent strain, could not be isolated from healthy lung tissue.
A. pleuropneumoniae---In addition, the local immune response-as assessed by fluorescence-activated cell sorter and enzyme-linked immunosorbent spot analyses-revealed a significantly higher number of A. pleuropneumoniae-specific B cells in the bronchoalveolar lavage fluid (BALF) of pigs infected with the A. pleuropneumoniae DeltaureC mutant than in the BALF of those infected with the parent strain.
A. pleuropneumoniae---These results imply that A. pleuropneumoniae urease activity may cause sufficient impairment of the local immune response to slightly improve the persistence of the urease-positive A. pleuropneumoniae parent strain.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniaeAnimalsAntibodies, BacterialBiological TransportBronchoalveolar Lavage FluidIronMutationSwineUreaseVirulence
Legionella pneumophila---Legionella pneumophila entry gene rtxA is involved in virulence.
Legionella pneumophila---Our laboratory has been examining the role of early events, adherence and entry, in the pathogenesis of the facultative intracellular pathogen Legionella pneumophila.
L. pneumophila---Currently, the mechanisms used by L. pneumophila to gain access to the intracellular environment are not well understood.
L. pneumophila---We have recently isolated three loci, designated enh1, enh2, and enh3, that are involved in the ability of L. pneumophila to enter host cells.
L. pneumophila---In the current study, we demonstrate that the L. pneumophila rtxA gene is involved in adherence, cytotoxicity, and pore formation in addition to its role in entry.
L. pneumophila---Furthermore, an rtxA mutant does not replicate as well as wild-type L. pneumophila in monocytes and is less virulent in mice.
L. pneumophila---Thus, we conclude that the entry gene rtxA is an important virulence determinant in L. pneumophila and is likely to be critical for the production of Legionnaires' disease in humans.
Legionella pneumophila---AnimalsBacterial AdhesionBacterial ToxinsEpithelial CellsGenes, BacterialLegionella pneumophilaLungMiceMonocytesVirulence
Treponema pallidum---Dendritic cells phagocytose and are activated by Treponema pallidum.
Treponema pallidum---Cell-mediated immune processes play a prominent role in the clinical manifestations of syphilis, a sexually transmitted disease of humans caused by spirochetal bacterium Treponema pallidum.
T. pallidum---The immune cell type that initiates the early immune response to T. pallidum thus far has not been identified.
T. pallidum---Electron microscopy revealed that T. pallidum was engulfed by DCs via both coiling and conventional phagocytosis and was delivered to membrane-bound vacuoles.
T. pallidum---Both T. pallidum and a synthetic lipopeptide (corresponding to the 47-kDa major membrane lipoprotein) activated the XS52 DC line, as indicated by the secretion of interleukin-12 (IL-12), IL-1beta, tumor necrosis factor alpha, and IL-6 and elevated surface expression of CD54.
T. pallidum---The combined data support the contention that DCs stimulated by T. pallidum and/or its proinflammatory membrane lipoproteins are involved in driving the cellular immune processes that typify syphilis.
Treponema pallidum---AnimalsAntigens, CD14Dendritic CellsDrosophila ProteinsIntercellular Adhesion Molecule-1Interleukin-12MaleMembrane GlycoproteinsPhagocytosisRabbitsReceptors, Cell SurfaceTime FactorsToll-Like ReceptorsTreponema pallidumTumor Necrosis Factor-alpha
B. afzelii---It is likely that the suppression of macrophage microbicidal mechanisms contributes to the inhibitory effect of tick saliva on the killing of B. afzelii spirochetes, thus facilitating the transmission of this important pathogen.
Chlamydophila abortus---Identification of protective epitopes by sequencing of the major outer membrane protein gene of a variant strain of Chlamydia psittaci serotype 1 (Chlamydophila abortus).
L. mexicana---Here, we demonstrate that the lesions induced by L. mexicana are delayed compared to those induced by L. major but rapidly develop at later time points.
L. mexicana---Interestingly, while LACK-tolerant BALB/c-derived IE-LACK transgenic mice were resistant to L. major, they were susceptible to L. mexicana and developed lesions similar to those observed in wild-type BALB/c mice.
L. mexicana---The latter result was observed despite the fact that (i) LACK was expressed by L. mexicana, (ii) splenocytes from BALB/c mice were able to stimulate LACK-specific T-cell hybridoma cells when incubated with live L. mexicana promastigotes, and (iii) LACK-specific T cells contributed to IL-4 production in L. mexicana-infected BALB/c mice.
L. mexicana---Thus, in contrast to what was observed for L. major-infected mice, LACK-specific T cells do not play a critical role in determining susceptibility to L. mexicana.
L. mexicana---Although BALB/c mice are susceptible to both L. major and L. mexicana, the mechanisms which are responsible for susceptibility to these parasites are likely to be different.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Study of antigenic heterogeneity among Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serotype 7 strains.
A. pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serotype 7 strains were studied for their antigenic heterogeneity using rabbit polyclonal hyperimmune sera against all the known twelve reference strains of A. pleuropneumoniae and a battery of different serological tests such as coagglutination (COA), immunodiffusion (ID), indirect hemagglutination (IHA), counterimmunoelectrophoresis (CIE), rapid dot-ELISA (RDE), serum soft-agar (SSA) and growth agglutination (GA).
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae serotype 7 strains were studied for their antigenic heterogeneity using rabbit polyclonal hyperimmune sera against all the known twelve reference strains of A. pleuropneumoniae and a battery of different serological tests such as coagglutination (COA), immunodiffusion (ID), indirect hemagglutination (IHA), counterimmunoelectrophoresis (CIE), rapid dot-ELISA (RDE), serum soft-agar (SSA) and growth agglutination (GA).
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniaeAnimalsAntigens, BacterialBlotting, WesternCounterimmunoelectrophoresisCross ReactionsElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelEnzyme-Linked Immunosorbent AssayHemagglutination TestsRabbitsSerotyping
A. fulvum---The Chs1 nucleotide sequences of these dermatophytes from horses showed more than 80% similarity to those of Arthroderma benhamiae, A. fulvum, A. grubyi, A. gypseum, A. incruvatum, A. otae, A. simii, A. vanbreuseghemii, Epidermophyton floccosum, T. mentagrophytes var.
A. grubyi---The Chs1 nucleotide sequences of these dermatophytes from horses showed more than 80% similarity to those of Arthroderma benhamiae, A. fulvum, A. grubyi, A. gypseum, A. incruvatum, A. otae, A. simii, A. vanbreuseghemii, Epidermophyton floccosum, T. mentagrophytes var.
A. gypseum---The Chs1 nucleotide sequences of these dermatophytes from horses showed more than 80% similarity to those of Arthroderma benhamiae, A. fulvum, A. grubyi, A. gypseum, A. incruvatum, A. otae, A. simii, A. vanbreuseghemii, Epidermophyton floccosum, T. mentagrophytes var.
A. incruvatum---The Chs1 nucleotide sequences of these dermatophytes from horses showed more than 80% similarity to those of Arthroderma benhamiae, A. fulvum, A. grubyi, A. gypseum, A. incruvatum, A. otae, A. simii, A. vanbreuseghemii, Epidermophyton floccosum, T. mentagrophytes var.
A. simii---The Chs1 nucleotide sequences of these dermatophytes from horses showed more than 80% similarity to those of Arthroderma benhamiae, A. fulvum, A. grubyi, A. gypseum, A. incruvatum, A. otae, A. simii, A. vanbreuseghemii, Epidermophyton floccosum, T. mentagrophytes var.
A. vanbreuseghemii---The Chs1 nucleotide sequences of these dermatophytes from horses showed more than 80% similarity to those of Arthroderma benhamiae, A. fulvum, A. grubyi, A. gypseum, A. incruvatum, A. otae, A. simii, A. vanbreuseghemii, Epidermophyton floccosum, T. mentagrophytes var.
T. violaceum---interdigitale (T. interdigitale), T. rubrum and T. violaceum.
A. vanbreuseghemii---Especially high degree of nucleotide sequence similarity of more than 99% was noted between the Chs1 gene fragments of M. equinum and A. otae, and those of T. equinum, T. interdigitale and A. vanbreuseghemii, respectively.
T. equinum---Especially high degree of nucleotide sequence similarity of more than 99% was noted between the Chs1 gene fragments of M. equinum and A. otae, and those of T. equinum, T. interdigitale and A. vanbreuseghemii, respectively.
A. vanbreuseghemii---The phylogenetic analysis of their sequences revealed that M. equinum was genetically very close to A. otae and T. equinum to A. vanbreuseghemii.
T. equinum---The phylogenetic analysis of their sequences revealed that M. equinum was genetically very close to A. otae and T. equinum to A. vanbreuseghemii.
T. equinum---A molecular analysis of Chs1 genes will provide useful information for the genetic relatedness of M. equinum and T. equinum and confirm the value of DNA sequencing in identification of these two dermatophytes.
C. albicans---One of these series of C. albicans isolates became resistant, with an associated increase in mRNA specific for a CDR ATP-binding cassette transporter efflux pump (K. A. Marr, C. N. Lyons, T. R. Rustad, R. A. Bowden, and T. C. White, Antimicrob.
C. albicans---Here we study this series of C. albicans isolates further and examine the mechanism of azole resistance in a second series of C. albicans isolates that caused disseminated infection in a recipient of bone marrow transplantation.
C. albicans---In the absence of fluconazole, the addition of tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF-alpha), interleukin-1beta (IL-1beta), gamma interferon (IFN-gamma), or IL-4 had no effect on the growth of C. albicans.
C. albicans---In the presence of fluconazole, only the addition of IFN-gamma resulted in an increase in the growth of C. albicans.
C. albicans---In the absence or presence of C. albicans the addition of fluconazole, all of the cytokines studied, and combinations of fluconazole and selected cytokines caused increases in nitric oxide (NO) production (P &lt; 0.01).
C. albicans---Similar observations were made for superoxide (O(2)(-)) only in the presence of C. albicans.
C. albicans---The greatest concentrations of NO and O(2)(-) were produced when C. albicans alone was present in the assays.
C. albicans---Our results demonstrate that in the presence of low concentrations of fluconazole (0.1 times the MIC), selected cytokines and their combinations significantly increase the microbicidal activity of MDM against intracellular C. albicans.
Cryptosporidium parvum---We replaced the DHFR gene from the budding yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae with the DHFR-coding region from humans, P. falciparum, T. gondii, Pneumocystis carinii, and bovine or human-derived Cryptosporidium parvum.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AllelesAnimalsAntiprotozoal AgentsCryptosporidium parvumDrug ResistanceEukaryotaFolic Acid AntagonistsHumansLipidsPlasmidsPlasmodium falciparumPneumocystisPyrimethamineTetrahydrofolate DehydrogenaseToxoplasma
Legionella pneumophila---The MICs at which 90% of the isolates were inhibited of L-036 against methicillin-susceptible staphylococci, Streptococcus pneumoniae including penicillin-resistant organisms, Escherichia coli, Klebsiella pneumoniae, Haemophilus influenzae including ampicillin-resistant organisms, Legionella pneumophila, and Moraxella catarrhalis were equal to or less than 1 microg/ml.
B. fragilis---With inocula of 5 x 10(5) CFU/ml and trovafloxacin concentrations of &lt;/=2 microg/ml, a maximum observed effect (E(max)) of >/=6.1 (log(10) CFU/ml) was attained with all pure and mixed cultures within 24 h. With inocula of 10(8) CFU/ml, a similar E(max) and a similar concentration to produce 50% of E(max) (EC(50)) for B. fragilis were found in both pure cultures and mixed cultures with E. coli.
B. fragilis---However, to produce a similar killing of B. fragilis in the mixed cultures with VREF, a 14-fold increase in the concentration of trovafloxacin was required.
B. fragilis---A vancomycin-susceptible strain of E. faecium and a trovafloxacin-resistant strain of E. coli were also found to confer a similar &quot;protective&quot; effect on B. fragilis against the activity of trovafloxacin.
B. fragilis---Using inocula of 10(9) CFU/ml, the activity of trovafloxacin was retained for E. coli and B. fragilis and was negligible against VREF.
B. fragilis---The importance of using mixed cultures and not pure cultures is clearly shown by the difference in the killing of B. fragilis in the mixed cultures tested.
B. fragilis---However, due to its ability to retain activity against large cultures of B. fragilis and E. coli, trovafloxacin could be beneficial in the treatment of intra-abdominal abscesses.
A. baumannii---Regardless of the surveillance method, Enterobacteriaceae, P. aeruginosa, and A. baumannii demonstrated similar rates of susceptibility to levofloxacin and ciprofloxacin.
A. baumanii---Approximately 70% of P. aeruginosa and 50% of A. baumanii isolates were susceptible to both fluoroquinolones.
Coxiella burnetii---Bacteriostatic and bactericidal activities of moxifloxacin against Coxiella burnetii.
Coxiella burnetii---The in vitro activity of moxifloxacin against Coxiella burnetii was compared to those of pefloxacin, ofloxacin, and doxycycline.
C. burnetii---Moxifloxacin was not bactericidal against C. burnetii at 4 microg/ml.
Coxiella burnetii---Anti-Infective AgentsAza CompoundsCoxiella burnetiiFluoroquinolonesHumansMicrobial Sensitivity TestsQ FeverQuinolines
Enterococcus gallinarum---The activity of nitrofurantoin was tested against 300 isolates of Enterococcus faecium, Enterococcus faecalis, and Enterococcus gallinarum.
E. gallinarum---No isolates tested were resistant to nitrofurantoin (MIC, >/=128 microg/ml), including vancomycin-resistant E. faecium isolates with vanA- and vanB-positive genotypes and vancomycin-resistant E. gallinarum isolates.
Clostridium ramosum---The MIC(50)s and MIC(90)s were &lt;/=0.06 and >32 microg/ml, respectively, for Eubacterium spp., Lactobacillus spp., Clostridium difficile, and Clostridium ramosum.
Fusobacterium mortiferum---The MIC(90) for Fusobacterium nucleatum was 8 microg/ml, and that for Fusobacterium mortiferum and Fusobacterium varium was >32 microg/ml.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---The MIC(90) for Fusobacterium nucleatum was 8 microg/ml, and that for Fusobacterium mortiferum and Fusobacterium varium was >32 microg/ml.
Fusobacterium varium---The MIC(90) for Fusobacterium nucleatum was 8 microg/ml, and that for Fusobacterium mortiferum and Fusobacterium varium was >32 microg/ml.
B. fragilis---The MIC(90)s for the Bacteroides fragilis group were as follows: for B. fragilis, 8 microg/ml; for Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron, Bacteroides ovatus, Bacteroides distasonis, and Bacteroides uniformis, >32 microg/ml; and for Bacteroides vulgatus, 4 microg/ml.
B. fragilis---Telithromycin MICs for the B. fragilis group were usually 1 to 2 dilutions higher than ABT-773 MICs.
Cladosporium fulvum---Identification of two highly divergent catalase genes in the fungal tomato pathogen, Cladosporium fulvum.
Cladosporium fulvum---Homology-based screens were performed to identify catalase genes in the fungal tomato pathogen Cladosporium fulvum.
C. fulvum---These results indicate the existence of a complex catalase system in C. fulvum, with regard to both the structure and regulation of the genes involved.
C. fulvum---In addition, efficient C. fulvum gene-replacement technology has been established.
Astacus leptodactylus---The synthetic peptides display myotropic activity on the Leucophaea maderae as well as on the Astacus leptodactylus hindgut.
Penaeus merguiensis---Quantitative assessment of phagocytic activity of hemocytes in the prawn, Penaeus merguiensis, by flow cytometric analysis.
Penaeus merguiensis---In this study, phagocytic activity of hemocytes of the prawn, Penaeus merguiensis, was quantitated by means of flow cytometric analysis.
Bordetella parapertussis---Western blot analysis with this same antibody indicated that BipA homologues are expressed in Bvg(i) phase Bordetella pertussis and Bordetella parapertussis.
B. bronchiseptica---Comparison of a Delta bipA strain with wild-type B. bronchiseptica indicated that BipA is not required for Bvg(i) phase-specific aggregative adherence to rat lung epithelial cells in vitro or for persistent colonization of the rabbit respiratory tract in vivo.
A. nidulans---Inactivation of gfdA does not abolish glycerol biosynthesis, showing that the other pathway from DHAP, via dihydroxyacetone (DHA), to glycerol is also functional in A. nidulans.
Fundulus heteroclitus---The assay involves introduction of microtubule-asters assembled in clam oocyte lysates into lysates prepared from Fundulus heteroclitus melanophores with either aggregated or dispersed pigment.
Metachirus nudicaudatus---The functional anatomy of the forelimbs of these South American marsupials is compared to that of some living didelphids: Caluromys philander, Micoureus demerarae, Marmosa murina, Didelphis marsupialis, Monodelphis brevicaudata and Metachirus nudicaudatus.
Acheta domesticus---Ultrastructural changes in the Malpighian tubules of the house cricket, Acheta domesticus, at the onset of diuresis: A time study.
Acheta domesticus---We present the ultrastructural changes that occur in the mid-tubule of the house cricket, Acheta domesticus, following exposure to the second messenger analog, dibutyryl cAMP, over the period from 15-420 sec.
Gallus domesticus---Within the context of a temporally precise animal model of memory, developed using the day-old chick (Gallus domesticus), acute administration of various concentrations of okadaic acid was found to disrupt two temporally distinct stages of memory formation.
Carassius auratus---Oxidative stress and antioxidant defenses in goldfish Carassius auratus during anoxia and reoxygenation.
Carassius auratus---The purpose of this work was to evaluate the response of the antioxidant system of goldfish Carassius auratus during anoxia and reoxygenation.
Austrofundulus limnaeus---Diapausing embryos of Austrofundulus limnaeus survive desiccating conditions by reducing evaporative water loss.
B. fragilis---METHODS: We tested this ketolide in an animal model of intra-abdominal abscess produced by intraperitoneal injection of B. fragilis with sterile feces and BaSO(4) mixture.
B. fragilis---These results suggest that telithromycin may be tested in future for the treatment of B. fragilis infections in humans.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---The S-layer protein of Lactobacillus acidophilus ATCC 4356: identification and characterisation of domains responsible for S-protein assembly and cell wall binding.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Lactobacillus acidophilus, like many other bacteria, harbors a surface layer consisting of a protein (S(A)-protein) of 43 kDa.
Lactobacillus helveticus---Reconstruction of the S-layer from crystals grown on dioleoylphosphatidylserine indicated an oblique lattice with unit cell dimensions (a=118 A; b=53 A, and gamma=102 degrees ) resembling those determined for the S-layer of Lactobacillus helveticus ATCC 12046.
L. helveticus---Sequence comparison of S(A)-protein with S-proteins from L. helveticus, Lactobacillus crispatus and the S-proteins encoded by the silent S-protein genes from L. acidophilus and L. crispatus suggested the presence of two domains, one comprising the N-terminal two-thirds (SAN), and another made up of the C-terminal one-third (SAC) of S(A)-protein.
L. acidophilus---Sequence comparison of S(A)-protein with S-proteins from L. helveticus, Lactobacillus crispatus and the S-proteins encoded by the silent S-protein genes from L. acidophilus and L. crispatus suggested the presence of two domains, one comprising the N-terminal two-thirds (SAN), and another made up of the C-terminal one-third (SAC) of S(A)-protein.
L. crispatus---Sequence comparison of S(A)-protein with S-proteins from L. helveticus, Lactobacillus crispatus and the S-proteins encoded by the silent S-protein genes from L. acidophilus and L. crispatus suggested the presence of two domains, one comprising the N-terminal two-thirds (SAN), and another made up of the C-terminal one-third (SAC) of S(A)-protein.
Lactobacillus crispatus---Sequence comparison of S(A)-protein with S-proteins from L. helveticus, Lactobacillus crispatus and the S-proteins encoded by the silent S-protein genes from L. acidophilus and L. crispatus suggested the presence of two domains, one comprising the N-terminal two-thirds (SAN), and another made up of the C-terminal one-third (SAC) of S(A)-protein.
L. acidophilus---The GFP-SAC fusion product was shown to bind to the surface of L. acidophilus, L. helveticus and L. crispatus cells from which the S-layer had been removed, but not to non-stripped cells or to Lactobacillus casei.
L. crispatus---The GFP-SAC fusion product was shown to bind to the surface of L. acidophilus, L. helveticus and L. crispatus cells from which the S-layer had been removed, but not to non-stripped cells or to Lactobacillus casei.
L. helveticus---The GFP-SAC fusion product was shown to bind to the surface of L. acidophilus, L. helveticus and L. crispatus cells from which the S-layer had been removed, but not to non-stripped cells or to Lactobacillus casei.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Amino Acid SequenceBacterial ProteinsCell WallCrystallizationElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelEscherichia coliLactobacillus acidophilusMembrane GlycoproteinsMembrane ProteinsMicroscopy, ElectronModels, MolecularMolecular Sequence DataPeptide FragmentsPhosphatidylserinesProtein BindingProtein Structure, QuaternaryProtein Structure, SecondaryProtein Structure, TertiaryRecombinant Fusion ProteinsSequence AlignmentSequence Analysis, ProteinSolutionsTrypsin
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---3-Methyl-2-Oxobutanoate Dehydrogenase (Lipoamide)Amino Acid SequenceAnimalsBase SequenceElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelEpitopesGeobacillus stearothermophilusGreen Fluorescent ProteinsImmunizationKetone OxidoreductasesLuminescent ProteinsModels, MolecularMolecular Sequence DataMolecular WeightMultienzyme ComplexesPeptide LibraryPeptidesPlasmidsPlasmodiumProtein ConformationProtein DenaturationProtein FoldingProteinsPyruvate Dehydrogenase ComplexRabbitsRecombinant Fusion ProteinsSurface Properties
P.falciparum---The PLASMODIUM: falciparum Genome Database (http://PlasmoDB.org) integrates sequence information, automated analyses and annotation data emerging from the P.falciparum genome sequencing consortium.
Arabidopsis thaliana---The database will specifically provide a resource for information on a collection of T-DNA insertion mutants (knockouts) in each protein kinase and phosphatase in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Cyanophora paradoxa---tmRNA is likely to be present in all bacteria and has been found in algae chloroplasts, the cyanelle of Cyanophora paradoxa and the mitochondrion of the flagellate Reclinomonas americana.
B.subtilis---Thus, we constructed a database of the upstream regulatory information of B.subtilis (DBTBS).
B.subtilis---Using this database, we compared the character of B.subtilis promoters with that of Escherichia coli promoters.
Lactobacillus coryniformis subsp---Lactobacillus coryniformis subsp.
Lactobacillus coryniformis subsp---The antifungal activity spectrum of Lactobacillus coryniformis subsp.
A. nidulans---The strain had strong inhibitory activity in dual-culture agar plate assays against the molds Aspergillus fumigatus, A. nidulans, Penicillium roqueforti, Mucor hiemalis, Talaromyces flavus, Fusarium poae, F. graminearum, F. culmorum, and F. sporotrichoides.
F. graminearum---The strain had strong inhibitory activity in dual-culture agar plate assays against the molds Aspergillus fumigatus, A. nidulans, Penicillium roqueforti, Mucor hiemalis, Talaromyces flavus, Fusarium poae, F. graminearum, F. culmorum, and F. sporotrichoides.
Lactococcus lactis---Relationship between glycolysis and exopolysaccharide biosynthesis in Lactococcus lactis.
Lactococcus lactis---The relationships between glucose metabolism and exopolysaccharide (EPS) production in a Lactococcus lactis strain containing the EPS gene cluster (Eps(+)) and in nonproducer strain MG5267 (Eps(-)) were characterized.
Lactococcus lactis---Carbon IsotopesCulture MediaGlucoseGlycolysisLactococcus lactisMagnetic Resonance SpectroscopyPhosphorusPolysaccharides, Bacterial
Sclerotinia sclerotiorum---pH signaling in Sclerotinia sclerotiorum: identification of a pacC/RIM1 homolog.
Sclerotinia sclerotiorum---Sclerotinia sclerotiorum acidifies its ambient environment by producing oxalic acid.
A. nidulans---The three zinc finger domains of the predicted Pac1 protein are similar in sequence and organization to the zinc finger domains of the A. nidulans pH-responsive transcription factor PacC.
A. nidulans---Consistent with this suggestion, the accumulation of pac1 transcripts paralleled increases in ambient pH. Pac1 was determined to be a functional homolog of PacC by complementation of an A. nidulans pacC-null strain with pac1.
A. nidulans---Our results suggest that ambient pH is a regulatory cue for processes linked to pathogenicity, development, and virulence and that these processes may be under the molecular regulation of a conserved pH-dependent signaling pathway analogous to that in the nonpathogenic fungus A. nidulans.
Alvinella pompejana---Characterization of a novel spirochete associated with the hydrothermal vent polychaete annelid, Alvinella pompejana.
Alvinella pompejana---A highly integrated, morphologically diverse bacterial community is associated with the dorsal surface of Alvinella pompejana, a polychaetous annelid that inhabits active high-temperature deep-sea hydrothermal vent sites along the East Pacific Rise (EPR).
A. pompejana---The first spirochete was identical to spirochete A but was present in only one A. pompejana specimen.
A. pompejana---The second spirochete (spirochete B) was 84.5% similar to spirochete A and, more interestingly, was present in the epibiont communities of all of the A. pompejana specimens sampled throughout the geographic range of the worm (13 degrees N to 32 degrees S along the EPR).
A. pompejana---The sequence variation of the spirochete B phylotype was less than 3% for the range of A. pompejana specimens tested, suggesting that a single spirochete species was present in the A. pompejana epibiotic community.
A. pompejana epibiotic---The sequence variation of the spirochete B phylotype was less than 3% for the range of A. pompejana specimens tested, suggesting that a single spirochete species was present in the A. pompejana epibiotic community.
Nitrosococcus halophilus---In contrast, the antibodies did not react with ammonia oxidizers affiliated with the gamma-subclass of Proteobacteria (Nitrosococcus oceani and Nitrosococcus halophilus).
Methylococcus capsulatus---Moreover, methane oxidizers (Methylococcus capsulatus, Methylocystis parvus, and Methylomonas methanica) containing the related particulate methane monooxygenase were not detected.
Lactobacillus buchneri---Anaerobic conversion of lactic acid to acetic acid and 1, 2-propanediol by Lactobacillus buchneri.
Lactobacillus buchneri---The degradation of lactic acid under anoxic conditions was studied in several strains of Lactobacillus buchneri and in close relatives such as Lactobacillus parabuchneri, Lactobacillus kefir, and Lactobacillus hilgardii.
Lactobacillus hilgardii---The degradation of lactic acid under anoxic conditions was studied in several strains of Lactobacillus buchneri and in close relatives such as Lactobacillus parabuchneri, Lactobacillus kefir, and Lactobacillus hilgardii.
Lactobacillus parabuchneri---The degradation of lactic acid under anoxic conditions was studied in several strains of Lactobacillus buchneri and in close relatives such as Lactobacillus parabuchneri, Lactobacillus kefir, and Lactobacillus hilgardii.
L. parabuchneri---Of these lactobacilli, L. buchneri and L. parabuchneri were able to degrade lactic acid under anoxic conditions, without requiring an external electron acceptor.
B. thuringiensis---Many strains of Bacillus cereus cause gastrointestinal diseases, and the closely related insect pathogen B. thuringiensis has also been involved in outbreaks of diarrhea.
B. cereus---PCR primers for the detection of these genes were deduced and used to detect the genes in 22 B. cereus and 41 B. thuringiensis strains.
B. thuringiensis---PCR primers for the detection of these genes were deduced and used to detect the genes in 22 B. cereus and 41 B. thuringiensis strains.
B. cereus---At least one gene of each of the two protein complexes HBL and NHE was detected in all of the B. thuringiensis strains, while six B. cereus strains were devoid of all three HBL genes, three lacked at least two of the three NHE genes, and one lacked all three.
B. thuringiensis---At least one gene of each of the two protein complexes HBL and NHE was detected in all of the B. thuringiensis strains, while six B. cereus strains were devoid of all three HBL genes, three lacked at least two of the three NHE genes, and one lacked all three.
B. cereus---Five different sets of primers were used for detection of the gene (bceT) encoding enterotoxin T. The results obtained with these primer sets indicate that bceT is widely distributed among B. cereus and B. thuringiensis strains and that the gene varies in sequence among different strains.
B. thuringiensis---Five different sets of primers were used for detection of the gene (bceT) encoding enterotoxin T. The results obtained with these primer sets indicate that bceT is widely distributed among B. cereus and B. thuringiensis strains and that the gene varies in sequence among different strains.
B. cereus---We suggest an approach for detection of enterotoxin-encoding genes in B. cereus and B. thuringiensis based on PCR analysis with the six primer sets for the detection of genes in the HBL and NHE operons and with the BCET1, BCET3, and BCET4 primers for the detection of bceT.
B. thuringiensis---We suggest an approach for detection of enterotoxin-encoding genes in B. cereus and B. thuringiensis based on PCR analysis with the six primer sets for the detection of genes in the HBL and NHE operons and with the BCET1, BCET3, and BCET4 primers for the detection of bceT.
Lactococcus lactis---A novel system that leaks beta-galactosidase (beta-gal) without a requirement for secretion or export signals was developed in Lactococcus lactis by controlled expression of integrated phage holin and lysin cassettes.
Lactococcus lactis---Antigens, BacterialBacterial ProteinsBacteriophagesCulture MediaGenetic EngineeringLactococcus lactisLysogenyN-Acetylmuramoyl-L-alanine AmidaseViral ProteinsVirus Integrationbeta-Galactosidase
A. decempunctata---Our results show that A. decempunctata harbors male-killing Rickettsia (alpha-proteobacteria).
A. bipunctata---In addition, A. bipunctata is known to bear at least four different male-killing symbionts in its geographic range two of which coexist in the two locations from which A. decempunctata specimens were obtained for the present study.
A. decempunctata---In addition, A. bipunctata is known to bear at least four different male-killing symbionts in its geographic range two of which coexist in the two locations from which A. decempunctata specimens were obtained for the present study.
A. decempunctata---Since only a single male-killing taxon was found in A. decempunctata, we assume that the two closely related ladybird beetle species must differ in the number and/or geographic distribution of male killers.
Acetobacterium woodii---Five Eubacterium limosum strains (including the type strain), Sporomusa ovata DSM 2662(T), Sporomusa sphaeroides DSM 2875(T), and Acetobacterium woodii DSM 1030(T) were shown to demethylate DMSP stoichiometrically to MTPA.
Eubacterium limosum---Five Eubacterium limosum strains (including the type strain), Sporomusa ovata DSM 2662(T), Sporomusa sphaeroides DSM 2875(T), and Acetobacterium woodii DSM 1030(T) were shown to demethylate DMSP stoichiometrically to MTPA.
Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum---Chloromethane utilization gene cluster from Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum strain CM2(T) and development of functional gene probes to detect halomethane-degrading bacteria.
Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum---Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum CM2(T), an aerobic methylotrophic member of the alpha subclass of the class proteobacteria, can grow with chloromethane as the sole carbon and energy source.
H. chloromethanicum---H. chloromethanicum possesses an inducible enzyme system for utilization of chloromethane, in which two polypeptides (67-kDa CmuA and 35-kDa CmuB) are expressed.
Methylobacterium chloromethanicum---Previously, four genes, cmuA, cmuB, cmuC, and purU, were shown to be essential for growth of Methylobacterium chloromethanicum on chloromethane.
H. chloromethanicum---The cmuA and cmuB genes were used as probes to identify homologs in H. chloromethanicum.
H. chloromethanicum---A cmu gene cluster (9.5 kb) in H. chloromethanicum contained 10 open reading frames: folD (partial), pduX, orf153, orf207, orf225, cmuB, cmuC, cmuA, fmdB, and paaE (partial).
H. chloromethanicum---CmuA from H. chloromethanicum (67 kDa) showed high identity to CmuA from M. chloromethanicum and contains an N-terminal methyltransferase domain and a C-terminal corrinoid-binding domain.
M. chloromethanicum---CmuA from H. chloromethanicum (67 kDa) showed high identity to CmuA from M. chloromethanicum and contains an N-terminal methyltransferase domain and a C-terminal corrinoid-binding domain.
H. chloromethanicum---CmuB from H. chloromethanicum is related to a family of methyl transfer proteins and to the CmuB methyltransferase from M. chloromethanicum.
M. chloromethanicum---CmuB from H. chloromethanicum is related to a family of methyl transfer proteins and to the CmuB methyltransferase from M. chloromethanicum.
H. chloromethanicum---CmuC from H. chloromethanicum shows identity to CmuC from M. chloromethanicum and is a putative methyltransferase.
M. chloromethanicum---CmuC from H. chloromethanicum shows identity to CmuC from M. chloromethanicum and is a putative methyltransferase.
H. chloromethanicum---Molecular analyses and some preliminary biochemical data indicated that the chloromethane utilization pathway in H. chloromethanicum is similar to the corrinoid-dependent methyl transfer system in M. chloromethanicum.
M. chloromethanicum---Molecular analyses and some preliminary biochemical data indicated that the chloromethane utilization pathway in H. chloromethanicum is similar to the corrinoid-dependent methyl transfer system in M. chloromethanicum.
B. thuringiensis---The reduced transfer rate in insects compared to broth cultures may be accounted for by competition from the background bacterial population present in the mosquito gut and diet or by the maintenance of a large population of B. thuringiensis spores in the insects.
Botryosphaeria obtusa---Eleven polymorphic SSR markers were tested on 40 isolates of S. sapinea representing different morphotypes as well as on 2 isolates of the closely related species Botryosphaeria obtusa.
B. obtusa---The putative I morphotype was found to be identical to B. obtusa.
B. subtilis---The expression system is contained on plasmid pSWEET for integration at the amyE locus of B. subtilis and incorporates components of the well-characterized, divergently transcribed xylose utilization operon.
B. subtilis---We have used this system to probe an essential function in wall teichoic acid biosynthesis in B. subtilis.
B. subtilis---Plasmid pSWEET thus provides a robust new expression system for conditional complementation in B. subtilis.
Lactobacillus paracasei---The viability of the human probiotic strains Lactobacillus paracasei NFBC 338 and Bifidobacterium sp. strain UCC 35612 in reconstituted skim milk was assessed by confocal scanning laser microscopy using the LIVE/DEAD BacLight viability stain.
Lactobacillus plantarum---Molecular characterization of Lactobacillus plantarum genes for beta-ketoacyl-acyl carrier protein synthase III (fabH) and acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase (accBCDA), which are essential for fatty acid biosynthesis.
Lactobacillus plantarum---Genes for subunits of acetyl coenzyme A carboxylase (ACC), which is the enzyme that catalyzes the first step in the synthesis of fatty acids in Lactobacillus plantarum L137, were cloned and characterized.
L. plantarum---E. coli accB and accD mutations were complemented by the L. plantarum accB and accD genes, respectively.
L. plantarum---Northern and primer extension analyses demonstrated that the five genes in L. plantarum were regulated polycistronically in an acc operon.
P. putida---Together with a potential regulator (EbdR), six putative enzymes (EbdAaAbAcAdBC) were identified, and they exhibited highly significant similarities with enzymes implicated in the equivalent pathway in P. putida RE204.
Mytilus galloprovincialis---Surface interactions between Escherichia coli and hemocytes of the Mediterranean mussel Mytilus galloprovincialis lam.
Mytilus galloprovincialis---The role of type 1 fimbriae in the interactions between Escherichia coli and Mytilus galloprovincialis Lam.
Mesocricetus auratus---In utero and in vitro proteinase activity during the Mesocricetus auratus embryo zona escape time window.
Carassius auratus---Vitellogenic follicles from rainbow trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss) and goldfish (Carassius auratus) were incubated overnight in serum-free medium and examined for apoptosis by 3'-end-labeling and/or TUNEL analysis.
Lactococcus lactis---Bacterial ProteinsBioreactorsCeramicsColony Count, MicrobialCulture MediaFermentationGlucoseHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationIsoelectric PointLactic AcidLactococcus lactisPressureSolutionsUltrafiltration
Lactobacillus acidophilus---METHODS: Anastomoses were constructed in germfree, conventional, ex-germfree and mono- contaminated rats (Escherichia coli X7 and Lactobacillus acidophilus La5), and adhesion formation was recorded.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Anastomosis, SurgicalAnimalsEscherichia coliIntestinesLactobacillus acidophilusRatsRats, Inbred StrainsTissue Adhesions
B. cereus---Insertional inactivation of this B. cereus gene, named gerN, did not affect vegetative growth or sporulation.
Legionella pneumophila---Comparison of the derived amino acid sequence of NAD-GDH from P. aeruginosa with the GenBank database showed the highest homology with hypothetical polypeptides from Pseudomonas putida, Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Rickettsia prowazakii, Legionella pneumophila, Vibrio cholerae, Shewanella putrefaciens, Sinorhizobium meliloti, and Caulobacter crescentus.
Lactococcus lactis subsp---The deduced amino acid sequence of R.SsuRA was 49% identical to that of R.DpnII, and R.SsuRB was 72% identical to R.LlaDCHI of Lactococcus lactis subsp.
R. capsulatus---As in Klebsiella aerogenes and other bacteria, the genes encoding urease (ureABC) and the genes required for assembly of the nickel metallocenter (ureD and ureEFG) are clustered in R. capsulatus (ureDABC-orf136-ureEFG).
B. subtilis---The fact that their expression increases dramatically at the transition phase of the growth cycle under certain conditions suggests that the YkdA and YvtA proteases may function in the processing, maturation, or secretion of extracellular enzymes in B. subtilis.
Pyrococcus furiosus---Phosphoenolpyruvate synthetase from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus.
Pyrococcus furiosus---Phosphoenolpyruvate synthetase (PpsA) was purified from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus.
P. furiosus---In contrast to several other nucleotide-dependent enzymes from P. furiosus, PpsA has an absolute specificity for ATP as the phosphate-donating substrate.
Pyrococcus furiosus---Adenosine MonophosphateAdenosine TriphosphateGluconeogenesisHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationPhosphatesPhosphoenolpyruvatePhosphotransferases (Paired Acceptors)Pyrococcus furiosusPyruvic AcidSubstrate Specificity
Pyrococcus furiosus---Key role for sulfur in peptide metabolism and in regulation of three hydrogenases in the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus.
Pyrococcus furiosus---The hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus grows optimally at 100 degrees C by the fermentation of peptides and carbohydrates.
P. furiosus---The activities of 14 of 21 enzymes involved in or related to the fermentation pathways of P. furiosus were shown to be regulated under the five different growth conditions studied.
P. furiosus---This study provides the first evidence for a highly regulated fermentation-based metabolism in P. furiosus and a significant regulatory role for elemental sulfur or its metabolites.
Pyrococcus furiosus---Culture MediaCytoplasmGene Expression Regulation, ArchaealGene Expression Regulation, EnzymologicGlycolysisHydrogenaseMembrane ProteinsOxidation-ReductionPeptidesPyrococcus furiosusSulfur
C. crescentus---The flgBC-fliE genes were identified as a result of the C. crescentus genome sequencing project and encode the homologues of two flagellar proximal rod proteins, FlgB and FlgC, and one conserved protein, FliE, that is of unknown function.
C. crescentus---Footprint assays on a DNA fragment containing the operon promoter as well as in vivo mutant suppressor analysis of promoter mutations indicate that this operon is controlled by the cell cycle response regulator CtrA, which with sigma(70) is responsible for regulating transcription of other early flagellar genes in C. crescentus.
B. subtilis---Analysis of the effects of mutations in and the expression of fusions of a coding gene for a thermostable beta-galactosidase to a number of heat shock genes has shown that heat shock proteins play no significant role in the wet heat resistance of B. subtilis spores.
P. carinii---P. carinii causes severe pneumonia in immunocompromised patients with AIDS and malignancies.
P. carinii---Although the life cycle of P. carinii remains poorly characterized, morphologic studies of infected lung tissue indicate that P. carinii alternates between numerous small trophic forms and fewer large cystic forms.
P. carinii---To understand further the molecular mechanisms that regulate progression of the cell cycle of P. carinii, we have sought to identify and characterize genes in P. carinii that are important regulators of eukaryotic cell cycle progression.
P. carinii---In this study, we have isolated a cDNA from P. carinii that exhibits significant homology, but unique functional characteristics, to the mitotic phosphatase Cdc25 found in S. pombe.
P. carinii---P. carinii Cdc25 was shown to rescue growth of the temperature-sensitive S. pombe cdc25-22 strain and thus provides an additional tool to investigate the unique P. carinii life cycle.
P. carinii---Although P. carinii Cdc25 could also restore the DNA damage checkpoint in cdc25-22 cells, it was unable to restore fully the DNA replication checkpoint.
Erinaceus europaeus---Calretinin-, neurocalcin-, and parvalbumin-immunoreactive elements in the olfactory bulb of the hedgehog (Erinaceus europaeus).
Mesocricetus auratus---Light and electron microscopic immunocytochemical observations were made to demonstrate central pinealopetal fibers immunoreactive for gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) and synapses between their terminals and pinealocytes in the pineal gland of four rodent (Wistar-King rat; mouse; Syrian hamster, Mesocricetus auratus; Hartley strain guinea pig) and one nonrodent (tree shrew, Tupaia glis) species.
Pyrococcus furiosus---We have solved the crystal structure of the catalytic primase subunit from the hyperthermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus furiosus at 2.3 A resolution by multiwavelength anomalous dispersion methods.
Pyrococcus furiosus---Amino Acid MotifsAmino Acid SequenceBinding SitesCatalytic DomainCrystallography, X-RayDNA PrimaseModels, MolecularMolecular Sequence DataProtein Structure, SecondaryProtein Structure, TertiaryProtein SubunitsPyrococcus furiosusSeleniumSequence AlignmentSequence Homology, Amino AcidZinc
Peptostreptococcus asaccharolyticus---Peptostreptococcus asaccharolyticus renal abscess: a rare cause of fever of unknown origin.
Peptostreptococcus asaccharolyticus---Aspiration yielded Peptostreptococcus asaccharolyticus.
Vastus lateralis---Vastus lateralis muscle biopsies were obtained from endurance-trained (running approximately 50 km/wk) and untrained (no regular physical exercise) men, and the expression of an array of insulin-signaling intermediates was determined.
C. guereza---Therefore, SIVcol from guereza colobus monkeys (C. guereza) is the first primate lentivirus identified in the Colobinae subfamily and the divergence of SIVcol may reflect divergence of the host lineage.
Autographa californica---We have studied the infection pathway of Autographa californica multinuclear polyhedrosis virus (baculovirus) in mammalian cells.
Autographa californica---Central role of hemocytes in Autographa californica M nucleopolyhedrovirus pathogenesis in Heliothis virescens and Helicoverpa zea.
Autographa californica---Autographa californica M nucleopolyhedrovirus (AcMNPV) can infect and kill a wide range of larval lepidopteran hosts, but the dosage required to achieve mortal infection varies greatly.
A. baumannii---However, there was no significant correlation between the numbers of plasmids and integrons in Acinetobacter species strains, no significant difference in the number of plasmids between epidemic and nonepidemic A. baumannii strains, and no significant correlation between the presence of plasmids and antibiotic resistance.
A. baumannii---Hence, it is likely that integrons play an important role in antibiotic resistance and thereby in the epidemic behavior of A. baumannii.
A. baumannii---Because the integrase gene PCR identified almost three-quarters of the epidemic A. baumannii isolates (17 of 23), this seems to be a rapid and simple technique for the routine screening and identification of clinical A. baumannii isolates with epidemic potential.
B. hominis---The incidence, in episodes per 100 person-years, was highest for B. hominis (65), followed by Entamoeba coli (31), Cryptosporidium parvum (17), and Entamoeba hartmanni (17).
Cryptosporidium parvum---The incidence, in episodes per 100 person-years, was highest for B. hominis (65), followed by Entamoeba coli (31), Cryptosporidium parvum (17), and Entamoeba hartmanni (17).
B. hominis---The PCVs' B. hominis episodes lasted 6,809 person-days (28.7% of the 23,689 person-days in the study), the E. coli episodes lasted 2,055 person-days (8.7%), and each of the other types of episodes lasted &lt;2% of the person-days in the study.
B. hominis---Gastrointestinal symptoms were somewhat more common and more persistent, but not significantly so, in association with pathogen episodes than with B. hominis and nonpathogen episodes.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AdultAnimalsBlastocystis hominisCohort StudiesCryptosporidium parvumDiarrheaEntamoebaFecesFemaleGovernment AgenciesGuatemalaHumansIncidenceIntestinal Diseases, ParasiticIntestinesLongitudinal StudiesMaleProspective StudiesProtozoan InfectionsSeroepidemiologic StudiesVoluntary Workers
M. africanum---The results obtained showed that a majority of M. africanum isolates were characterized by a specific spoligotyping pattern that was intermediate between those of M. tuberculosis and M. bovis, which do not hybridize with spacers 33 to 36 and spacers 39 to 43, respectively.
M. africanum---The remaining 81 M. africanum isolates were efficiently subtyped in three distinct subtypes (A1 to A3) by IS6110-RFLP analysis and spoligotyping.
Renibacterium salmoninarum---Variation in the spacer regions separating tRNA genes in Renibacterium salmoninarum distinguishes recent clinical isolates from the same location.
Renibacterium salmoninarum---A means for distinguishing between clinical isolates of Renibacterium salmoninarum that is based on the PCR amplification of length polymorphisms in the tRNA intergenic spacer regions (tDNA-ILPs) was investigated.
R. salmoninarum---The method used primers specific to nucleotide sequences of R. salmoninarum tRNA genes and tRNA intergenic spacer regions that had been generated by using consensus tRNA gene primers.
R. salmoninarum---Twenty-one PCR products were sequenced from five isolates of R. salmoninarum from the United States, England, and Scotland, and four complete tRNA genes and spacer regions were identified.
R. salmoninarum---Our method enabled us to make divisions between closely related clinical isolates of R. salmoninarum that have identical exact tandem repeat (ETR-A) loci, rRNA intergenic spacer sequences, and IS994 profiles.
L. cincinnatiensis---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. gormanii---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. jordanis---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. lansingensis---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. maceachernii---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. oakridgensis---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. parisiensis---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. sainthelensi---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. tucsonensis---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
L. wadsworthii---Species-specific patterns were obtained for all 18 Legionella species tested: Legionella anisa, L. bozemanii serogroups 1 and 2, L. cincinnatiensis, L. dumoffii, L. feeleii serogroups 1 and 2, L. gormanii, L. hackeliae serogroups 1 and 2, L. jordanis, L. lansingensis, L. longbeachae serogroups 1 and 2, L. lytica, L. maceachernii, L. micdadei, L. oakridgensis, L. parisiensis, L. pneumophila serogroups 1 to 14, L. sainthelensi serogroup 2, L. tucsonensis, and L. wadsworthii.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Evaluation of 5' nuclease assay for detection of Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Primers and probe were chosen from a part of the omlA gene common to all serotypes of Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae, which gave an amplicon of 92 bp.
A. pleuropneumoniae---The test was evaluated with 73 lung isolates and 120 tonsil isolates of A. pleuropneumoniae as well as with a collection of reference strains.
A. pleuropneumoniae---After cycle 30, nonspecific reactions appeared when testing dilutions of DNA templates or pure cultures of A. pleuropneumoniae, as well as when testing tonsil scrapings from specific-pathogen-free herds.
A. pleuropneumoniae---The diagnostic sensitivity, as evaluated with 586 tonsil scrapings from animals infected with A. pleuropneumoniae, is the same level as that of a PCR test based on the omlA gene described previously.
A. pleuropneumoniae---The 5' nuclease assay represents a fast method for species-specific detection and identification of A. pleuropneumoniae in pure and mixed cultures.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus InfectionsActinobacillus pleuropneumoniaeAnimalsBacterial Outer Membrane ProteinsColony Count, MicrobialEndodeoxyribonucleasesLipoproteinsPalatine TonsilPolymerase Chain ReactionSensitivity and SpecificitySpecies SpecificitySwineSwine DiseasesTaq Polymerase
Crocodylus siamensis---Detection of antibodies to a pathogenic mycoplasma in American alligators (Alligator mississippiensis), broad-nosed Caimans (Caiman latirostris), and Siamese crocodiles (Crocodylus siamensis).
M. alligatoris---In a subsequent experimental inoculation study, the Henle-Koch-Evans postulates were fulfilled for M. alligatoris as the etiological agent of fatal mycoplasmosis of alligators.
M. alligatoris---An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA) for the detection of antibodies produced by alligators in response to M. alligatoris exposure was developed by using plasma obtained from naturally infected alligators during the original epidemic.
Crocodylus siamensis---The ELISA also detected seroconversion (P &lt; 0.05) in the relatively closely related broad-nosed caiman Caiman latirostris and the relatively distantly related Siamese crocodile Crocodylus siamensis following experimental inoculation with M. alligatoris.
M. alligatoris---The ELISA also detected seroconversion (P &lt; 0.05) in the relatively closely related broad-nosed caiman Caiman latirostris and the relatively distantly related Siamese crocodile Crocodylus siamensis following experimental inoculation with M. alligatoris.
M. alligatoris---The ELISA may be used to monitor exposure to the lethal pathogen M. alligatoris among captive, repatriated, and wild crocodilian species.
E. sakazakii---E. sakazakii was isolated from the implicated prepared formula milk as well as from several unopened cans of a single batch.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---Our phylogenetic analysis indicated that L. loboi is the sister taxon of the human dimorphic fungal pathogen Paracoccidioides brasiliensis and that both species belong with the other dimorphic fungal pathogens in the order Onygenales.
P. brasiliensis---The low nucleotide variation among three P. brasiliensis 18S SSU rDNA sequences contrasts with the surprising amount of nucleotide differences between the two sequences of L. loboi used in this study, suggesting that the nucleic acid epidemiology of this hydrophilic pathogen will be rewarding.
C. albicans---In a recent study (P. Staib and J. Morschhuser, Mycoses 42:521-524; 1999) of 14 C. dubliniensis and 11 C. albicans isolates, it was suggested that the ability of C. dubliniensis to produce rough colonies and chlamydospores (chlamydoconidia) on Staib agar (SA) provided a simple means of differentiating it from its close relative C. albicans.
C. albicans---In the present investigation, we examined the colony morphology and chlamydospore production of 130 C. dubliniensis and 166 C. albicans isolates on SA and on the related defined medium caffeic acid-ferric citrate agar (CAF).
C. albicans---All of the C. dubliniensis and C. albicans isolates produced chlamydospores on the control medium, i.e., rice-agar-Tween agar.
C. albicans---However, while none of the C. albicans isolates produced chlamydospores on either SA or CAF, 85.4 and 83.8% of the C. dubliniensis isolates produced chlamydospores on SA and CAF, respectively.
C. albicans---All of the C. albicans isolates grew as smooth, shiny colonies on SA after 48 to 72 h of incubation at 30 degrees C, while 97.7% of the C. dubliniensis isolates grew as rough colonies, many (65%) with a hyphal fringe.
C. albicans---In contrast, 87.4% of the C. albicans and 93.8% of the C. dubliniensis isolates yielded rough colonies on CAF.
C. albicans---Although the results of this study confirm that SA is a good medium for distinguishing between C. dubliniensis and C. albicans, we believe that discrimination between these two species is best achieved on the basis of colony morphology rather than chlamydospore production.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Evaluation of the Triage Micro Parasite Panel for detection of Giardia lamblia, Entamoeba histolytica/Entamoeba dispar, and Cryptosporidium parvum in patient stool specimens.
Cryptosporidium parvum---dispar, and three were positive for Cryptosporidium parvum as determined by both methods.
C. parvum---There was one false positive by Triage (C. parvum) and four false negatives by O&amp;P (two G. lamblia, one E. histolytica/E.
C. parvum---dispar, and one C. parvum).
C. parvum---dispar, and C. parvum in fresh or fresh-frozen fecal specimens.
C. parvum---dispar, or C. parvum are suspected.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AnimalsAntigens, ProtozoanCryptosporidiosisCryptosporidium parvumEntamoebaEntamoeba histolyticaEntamoebiasisFecesGiardia lambliaGiardiasisHumansImmunoenzyme TechniquesIntestinal Diseases, ParasiticProtozoan InfectionsReagent Kits, DiagnosticSensitivity and Specificity
B. aalborgi---B. aalborgi was identified in specimens from 24 (85.7%) patients and B. pilosicoli in those from 4 (14.3%) patients (2 of whom were also positive for B. aalborgi).
B. aalborgi---This study demonstrates that B. aalborgi is much more commonly involved in histologically identified IS in Australian patients than is B. pilosicoli.
Acanthamoeba polyphaga---However, coculture of a sputum sample with Acanthamoeba polyphaga amoebae led to the recovery of Legionella anisa.
R. gilardii---Ralstonia paucula (Formerly CDC group IV c-2): unsuccessful strain differentiation with PCR-based methods, study of the 16S-23S spacer of the rRNA operon, and comparison with other Ralstonia species (R. eutropha, R. pickettii, R. gilardii, and R. solanacearum).
R. solanacearum---Ralstonia paucula (Formerly CDC group IV c-2): unsuccessful strain differentiation with PCR-based methods, study of the 16S-23S spacer of the rRNA operon, and comparison with other Ralstonia species (R. eutropha, R. pickettii, R. gilardii, and R. solanacearum).
R. gilardii---Eighteen strains belonging to other Ralstonia species (one R. eutropha strain, six R. pickettii strains, three R. solanacearum strains, and eight R. gilardii strains) were also tested by PCR-ribotyping, which failed to distinguish between the four species.
R. solanacearum---Eighteen strains belonging to other Ralstonia species (one R. eutropha strain, six R. pickettii strains, three R. solanacearum strains, and eight R. gilardii strains) were also tested by PCR-ribotyping, which failed to distinguish between the four species.
R. solanacearum---The 16S-23S rDNA intergenic spacer of R. paucula contains the tRNA(Ile) and tRNA(Ala) genes, which are identical to genes described for R. pickettii and R. solanacearum.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Extraction and genotyping of Cryptosporidium parvum DNA from fecal smears on glass slides stained conventionally for direct microscope examination.
Cryptosporidium parvum---The correct genotype of Cryptosporidium parvum was amplified by PCR from 89 (85%) of 105 smears following conventional staining but not from negative controls.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AnimalsCryptosporidiosisCryptosporidium parvumDNA, ProtozoanFecesGenotypeHumansParasitologyPolymerase Chain ReactionStaining and Labeling
Cladosporium cucumerinum---Petroleum ether 40-60 degrees C, dichloromethane-ethyl acetate (1:1) and methanol extracts were fungitoxic to Trichophyton mentagrophytes, Microsporum gypseum, Cladosporium cucumerinum and Candida albicans.
Pterocarpus santalinus---Effect of oral administration of bark extracts of Pterocarpus santalinus L. on blood glucose level in experimental animals.
Pterocarpus santalinus---The effect of administration of different doses of Pterocarpus santalinus L. bark extracts in normal and diabetic rats, on blood glucose levels was evaluated in this study.
Pimpinella anisum---Relaxant effect of Pimpinella anisum on isolated guinea pig tracheal chains and its possible mechanism(s).
Pimpinella anisum---We have studied the relaxant effect of Pimpinella anisum on isolated guinea pig tracheal chains and its possible mechanism(s).
P. anisum---These results indicated bronchodilatory effects of essential oil, aqueous, and ethanol extracts from P. anisum.
Zuccagnia punctata---Extracts of Larrea divaricata, Zuccagnia punctata and Larrea cuneifolia displayed remarkable activity in the assays against the majority of the test fungi.
Gnaphalium americanum---The extracts from Gnaphalium oxyphyllum, Gnaphalium americanum, and Crescentia alata possessed strong antimicrobial activity against the pathogens tested.
L. crispatus---By analysis of 16S rRNA gene sequence and by comparison of protein profiles, most lactobacilli were identified as L. crispatus, L. gasseri, and L. jensenii.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Ureaplasma urealyticum comprises 14 serotypes.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Antibodies, BacterialAntibodies, MonoclonalAntigens, BacterialEnzyme-Linked Immunosorbent AssayHumansOxidation-ReductionReproducibility of ResultsSerotypingUreaplasma InfectionsUreaplasma urealyticum
B. abortus---The efficacy of Brucella abortus RB51 and hot saline extract (HSE) from Brucella ovis as antigens in complement fixation (CF) tests was comparatively evaluated in detecting immune responses of sheep vaccinated with B. abortus strain RB51.
Pasteurella multocida---Porins and LPS were extracted from Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium and Pasteurella multocida and were mixed with human spermatozoa for detection of levels of apoptosis.
Pasteurella multocida---ApoptosisCell SurvivalDNA FragmentationHumansLipopolysaccharidesMalePasteurella multocidaPolymyxin BPorinsSalmonella typhimuriumSpermatozoa
Morganella morganii---The chromosomal class C beta-lactamase from Enterobacter cloacae 908R gave a high K(cat) value (21 s(-1)), whereas there was poor activity with enzymes from Acinetobacter baumannii and Morganella morganii and ceftibuten.
Pyrobaculum aerophilum---The absorption and circular dichroism spectra of the Q146H mutant resemble corresponding data for the superoxide dismutase from a hyperthermophilic archaeon, Pyrobaculum aerophilum, which is active in both Mn and Fe forms.
Methanococcus jannaschii---Methanococcus jannaschii prolyl-cysteinyl-tRNA synthetase possesses overlapping amino acid binding sites.
Methanococcus jannaschii---The protein translation apparatus of Methanococcus jannaschii possesses the unusual enzyme prolyl-cysteinyl-tRNA synthetase (ProCysRS), a single enzyme that attaches two different amino acids, proline and cysteine, to their cognate tRNA species.
Spinacia oleracea---AnimalsChlamydomonas reinhardtiiDarknessKineticsLasersLightOxidation-ReductionOxygenPhotolysisPhotosynthetic Reaction Center Complex ProteinsPhotosystem II Protein ComplexQuantum TheorySpectrometry, FluorescenceSpinacia oleraceaThylakoidsWater
Spinacia oleracea---CarotenoidsChlorophyllCyanobacteriaElectron Spin Resonance SpectroscopyFree RadicalsLight-Harvesting Protein ComplexesOxidation-ReductionPhotosynthetic Reaction Center Complex ProteinsPhotosystem II Protein ComplexSpectroscopy, Near-InfraredSpectrum Analysis, RamanSpinacia oleraceaTemperatureThylakoids
Arabidopsis thaliana---These compounds were used as substrates with the microsomal wild-type Zea mays and recombinant Arabidopsis thaliana Delta(7)-sterol-C5(6)-desaturases (5-DES) to probe directly the stereochemistry and the mechanism of the enzymatic reaction.
A. thaliana---[6alpha-(2)H]-5alpha-Cholest-7-en-3beta-ol shows an intermolecular deuterium kinetic isotope effect (DKIE) on V and V/K, (D6)V = 2.6+/-0.3, (D6)V/K = 2.4+/-0.1; and (D6)V = 2.3 +/-0.3, (D6)V/K = 2.3+/-0.2 for the Zea mays and A. thaliana wild-type 5-DES, respectively.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Nucleotide sequence variation at two genes of the phenylpropanoid pathway, the FAH1 and F3H genes, in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Arabidopsis lyrata spp---Nucleotide variation at these genes was surveyed by sequencing a sample of 20 worldwide Arabidopsis thaliana ecotypes and one Arabidopsis lyrata spp.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Nucleotide variation at these genes was surveyed by sequencing a sample of 20 worldwide Arabidopsis thaliana ecotypes and one Arabidopsis lyrata spp.
Drosophila mauritiana---Sex in Drosophila mauritiana: a very high level of amino acid polymorphism in a male reproductive protein gene, Acp26Aa.
Drosophila mauritiana---We report here that the level of amino acid polymorphism in the N-terminal quarter of Acp26Aa is high in Drosophila melanogaster and is unprecedented in its sibling species Drosophila mauritiana.
D. mauritiana---We postulate that (1) this N-terminal segment may play a role in sperm competition, and (2) D. mauritiana may have been under much more intense sexual selection than other species.
P.mirabilis---In more distant bacteria, Y.frederiksenii and P.mirabilis, the rpoH regulatory region has a distal P1-like sigma(70) promoter and two proximal promoters: a heat-induced sigma(E)-like promoter and a sigma(70) promoter.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Histoplasma capsulatum yeasts are phagocytosed via very late antigen-5, killed, and processed for antigen presentation by human dendritic cells.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Histoplasma capsulatum (Hc) is a facultative, intracellular parasite of world-wide importance.
B. pseudomallei---To identify the cellular sources of IFN-gamma, spleen cells from uninfected mice were stimulated with B. pseudomallei in vitro and assayed by ELISA and flow cytometry.
A. ovis---We demonstrate MSP2-specific CD4(+) T lymphocyte recognition of epitopes common to several strains of A. marginale and the related pathogen A. ovis.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Broad-spectrum mildew resistance in Arabidopsis thaliana mediated by RPW8.
Arabidopsis thaliana---We show that the Arabidopsis thaliana locus RESISTANCE TO POWDERY MILDEW8 (RPW8) contains two naturally polymorphic, dominant R genes, RPW8.1 and RPW8.2, which individually control resistance to a broad range of powdery mildew pathogens.
Ambystoma mexicanum---We isolated a Fgf-8 cDNA from the Mexican axolotl (Ambystoma mexicanum) through the screening of an embryo cDNA library.
T. vaginalis---T. vaginalis infection is a sexually transmitted infection causing vaginitis and acute inflammatory disease of the genital mucosa.
T. vaginalis---T. vaginalis has also been reported in the urinary tract, fallopian tubes, and pelvis and can cause pneumonia, bronchitis, and oral lesions.
T. vaginalis---T. vaginalis infections have been associated with preterm delivery, low birth weight, and increased mortality as well as predisposing to human immunodeficiency virus infection, AIDS, and cervical cancer.
T. vaginalis---Metronidazole resistance in T. vaginalis is well documented, and the principal mechanisms have been defined.
T. vaginalis---Aerobic versus anaerobic resistance in T. vaginalis is discussed.
T. vaginalis---Instead of downregulation of the pyruvate:ferredoxin oxidoreductase and ferredoxin pathway as seen in G. duodenalis and T. vaginalis, E. histolytica induces oxidative stress mechanisms, including superoxide dismutase and peroxiredoxin.
Coxiella burnetii---Intracellular bacteria such as Coxiella burnetii cannot be isolated routinely.
Spinacia oleracea---CarotenoidsCationsChlorophyllElectron Spin Resonance SpectroscopyElectron TransportFree RadicalsIntracellular MembranesLight-Harvesting Protein ComplexesManganeseOxidation-ReductionPhotosynthetic Reaction Center Complex ProteinsPhotosystem II Protein ComplexSpinacia oleracea
Aquifex aeolicus---Each amino acid was altered in both E. coli and Aquifex aeolicus LpxC and the catalytic activities of the variants were determined.
Nicotiana glutinosa---Four mutants, N71T, V72L, L73A, and R74S, in which Asn71, Val72, Leu73, and Arg74 in RNase MC1 were substituted for the corresponding amino acids, Thr, Leu, Ala, and Ser, respectively, in a guanylic acid preferential RNase NW from Nicotiana glutinosa, were prepared and characterized with respect to enzymatic activity.
Erythema nodosum---Erythema nodosum in children: a prospective study.
Aplysia californica---An early, cAMP-dependent event necessary for learning-related long-term synaptic plasticity in the invertebrate Aplysia californica is the induction of the transcription factor CCAAT enhancer-binding protein (C/EBP).
L. pneumophila---Urinary antigen testing has insufficient sensitivity to affect clinical management in most regions of the United States, as it can reliably detect only L. pneumophila serogroup 1 infections.
Legionella pneumophila---Antigens, BacterialBloodCommunity-Acquired InfectionsDiagnosis, DifferentialFluorescent Antibody Technique, DirectHumansLegionellaLegionella pneumophilaLegionellosisLegionnaires' DiseasePneumonia, BacterialPolymerase Chain ReactionPredictive Value of TestsSensitivity and SpecificitySputumTime FactorsUnited States
Pleurotus ostreatus---Four white-rot fungi (Phanerochaete chrysosporium IMI 232175, Pleurotus ostreatus from the University of Alberta Microfungus Collection IMI 341687, Coriolus versicolor IMI 210866 and Wye isolate #7) and all possible combinations of two or more of these fungi, were incubated in microcosms containing wheat straw and non-sterile coal-tar contaminated soil to determine their potential to degrade polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).
Pachyrhizus erosus---Studies on production of alpha-amylase by Nocardiopsis sp., an endophytic actinomycete isolated from yam bean (Pachyrhizus erosus L. Urban), showed that higher enzyme levels were obtained at the end of the logarithmic growth phase after incubation for 72 h at pH 8.6.
Azospirillum lipoferum---The effect of inoculation of vermicompost with nitrogen-fixing Azotobacter chroococcum strains, Azospirillum lipoferum and the phosphate solubilizing Pseudomonas striata on N and P contents of the vermicompost was assessed.
P. striata---Inoculation of N2 fixing bacteria into vermicompost increased contents of N and P. Enriching vermicompost with rock phosphate improved significantly the available P when inoculated with P. striata.
Oryctolagus cuniculus---The bovine immunodeficiency virus (BIV)/New Zealand (Oryctolagus cuniculus) rabbit model was used to study events that underlie the early and chronic stages of viral replication, routes and time course of viral dissemination and the distribution of the virus in the lymphoid.
Cryptosporidium parvum---in experimental mono- and coinfection with Cryptosporidium parvum in the intestine of neonatal BALB/c mice.
A. sobria---Enteropathogenicity of Plesiomonas shigelloides, Aeromonas hydrophila, A. caviae and A. sobria was studied both in monoinfections and in coinfections with coccidium Cryptosporidium parvum in neonatal BALB/c mice.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Enteropathogenicity of Plesiomonas shigelloides, Aeromonas hydrophila, A. caviae and A. sobria was studied both in monoinfections and in coinfections with coccidium Cryptosporidium parvum in neonatal BALB/c mice.
C. parvum---In coinfection experiments, the neonatal mice were, in addition to being orally infected with one of the four bacterial species, orally infected with an inoculum containing 10(5) oocysts of C. parvum.
C. parvum---The effects of coinfection of P. shigelloides with C. parvum were characterised by bacteremia and heavy colonisation of the intestine by P. shigelloides.
A. hydrophila---However, when mice were coinfected with A. hydrophila and C. parvum, then the growth of the bacterial species was prolonged, and occurred in both the spleen and intestine.
C. parvum---However, when mice were coinfected with A. hydrophila and C. parvum, then the growth of the bacterial species was prolonged, and occurred in both the spleen and intestine.
C. parvum---or coinfected with C. parvum.
C. parvum---and C. parvum, together with coinfections (each bacterial species with the protozoan C. parvum), may serve as a useful model to study the initial steps of gastrointestinal colonisation and diarrhoeal disease syndromes caused by enteropathogenic bacteria and protozoa, individually and in combination.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AeromonasAnimalsAnimals, NewbornCryptosporidiosisCryptosporidium parvumGram-Negative Bacterial InfectionsIntestinesMicePlesiomonas
Acropora millepora---Inhibition of fertilisation and larval metamorphosis of the coral Acropora millepora (Ehrenberg, 1834) was assessed in response to solutions of the antifoulants tributyltin (TBT) and copper (Cu) using laboratory-based bioassays.
A. nidulans---A. nidulans appears to have a particular virulence in CGD.
P. carinii---BACKGROUND: Prophylaxis against Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia is indicated in patients with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection who have less than 200 CD4 cells per cubic millimeter and in those with a history of P. carinii pneumonia.
P. carinii---METHODS: We conducted a randomized trial of the discontinuation of primary or secondary prophylaxis against P. carinii pneumonia in HIV-infected patients with a sustained response to antiviral therapy, defined by a CD4 cell count of 200 or more per cubic millimeter and plasma HIV type 1 (HIV-1) RNA level of less than 5000 copies per milliliter for at least three months.
P. carinii---After a median follow-up period of 20 months (758 person-years), there had been no episodes of P. carinii pneumonia in the 240 patients who discontinued prophylaxis (95 percent confidence interval, 0 to 0.85 episode per 100 person-years).
P. carinii---After a median follow-up period of 12 months (123 person-years), there had been no episodes of P. carinii pneumonia in the 60 patients who discontinued prophylaxis (95 percent confidence interval, 0 to 4.5 episodes per 100 person-years).
P. carinii---CONCLUSIONS: In HIV-infected patients receiving highly active antiretroviral therapy, primary and secondary prophylaxis against P. carinii pneumonia can be safely discontinued after the CD4 cell count has increased to 200 or more per cubic millimeter for more than three months.
P. carinii---Whether secondary prophylaxis against P. carinii pneumonia can be safely discontinued in patients who have a response to highly active antiretroviral therapy is not known.
P. carinii---METHODS: We analyzed episodes of recurrent P. carinii pneumonia in 325 HIV-infected patients (275 men and 50 women) in eight prospective European cohorts.
P. carinii---No cases of recurrent P. carinii pneumonia were diagnosed during this period; the incidence was thus 0 per 100 patient-years (99 percent confidence interval, 0 to 1.2 per 100 patient-years, on the basis of the entire follow-up period, and 0 to 1.3 per 100 patient-years, on the basis of the follow-up period during which CD4 cell counts remained at or above 200 per cubic millimeter).
P. carinii---CONCLUSIONS: It is safe to discontinue secondary prophylaxis against P. carinii pneumonia in patients with HIV infection who have an immunologic response to highly active antiretroviral therapy.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---RESULTS: A logistic regression model involving titers against 6 species (Porphyromonas gingivalis, Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Eubacterium nodatum, Eikenella corrodens, Capnocytophaga ochracea and Actinomyces naeslundii genospecies 2) classified correctly 74.5% of the subjects examined, with 84% sensitivity, 57.5% specificity, 78% positive predictive value and 66.7% negative predictive value.
Actinomyces naeslundii---RESULTS: A logistic regression model involving titers against 6 species (Porphyromonas gingivalis, Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Eubacterium nodatum, Eikenella corrodens, Capnocytophaga ochracea and Actinomyces naeslundii genospecies 2) classified correctly 74.5% of the subjects examined, with 84% sensitivity, 57.5% specificity, 78% positive predictive value and 66.7% negative predictive value.
Eubacterium nodatum---RESULTS: A logistic regression model involving titers against 6 species (Porphyromonas gingivalis, Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Eubacterium nodatum, Eikenella corrodens, Capnocytophaga ochracea and Actinomyces naeslundii genospecies 2) classified correctly 74.5% of the subjects examined, with 84% sensitivity, 57.5% specificity, 78% positive predictive value and 66.7% negative predictive value.
H. americanum---ANIMALS: 53 dogs with H. americanum infection.
H. americanum---RESULTS: Circulating gametocytes of H. americanum were identified in 12 of 53 dogs.
H. americanum---CONCLUSIONS AND CLINICAL RELEVANCE: Although no treatment effectively eliminated the tissue stages of H. americanum, treatment with trimethoprim-sulfadiazine, clindamycin, and pyrimethamine followed by long-term administration of decoquinate resulted in extended survival times and excellent quality of life.
Taenia solium---Cysticercosis is a disease caused by encysted larvae of the tapeworm Taenia solium.
P. allionii---Of the 84 who reported reactions, 48 suspected P. auricula, 34 P. obconica, 10 P. vulgaris, 5 P. allionii, 3 P. marginata and 2 P. forrestii 19 believed that they had reacted to 2 or more species of Primula.
P. auricula---Of the 84 who reported reactions, 48 suspected P. auricula, 34 P. obconica, 10 P. vulgaris, 5 P. allionii, 3 P. marginata and 2 P. forrestii 19 believed that they had reacted to 2 or more species of Primula.
P. marginata---Of the 84 who reported reactions, 48 suspected P. auricula, 34 P. obconica, 10 P. vulgaris, 5 P. allionii, 3 P. marginata and 2 P. forrestii 19 believed that they had reacted to 2 or more species of Primula.
C. albicans---After washing, the neutrophils were incubated with C. albicans.
C. albicans---CONCLUSIONS: The decreased killing capacity of neutrophils after exposure to medium-chain fatty acid-containing emulsions and the absence of this effect with LCT suggest that lipid emulsions influence the elimination of C. albicans depending on the triglyceride chain length.
Paracoccus versutus---A novel blue copper protein was constructed by replacing the C-terminal loop of amicyanin (Paracoccus versutus) by the homologous loop of rusticyanin.
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---Adjuvants, ImmunologicAnimalsAntibodies, BacterialAntigens, BacterialBacterial Outer Membrane ProteinsCalciumChromatography, AffinityElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelFemaleHemagglutinationHumansImmunizationMiceMice, Inbred BALB CPlaguePlasmidsVirulenceYersinia pestisYersinia pseudotuberculosis
Providencia alcalifaciens---Molecular analysis of clinical isolates of Providencia alcalifaciens.
Providencia alcalifaciens---In an attempt to elucidate the virulence factors and the pathogenic mechanisms of Providencia alcalifaciens, 36 isolates identified in 1994-1995 in Recife city, Brazil were analysed by PCR to investigate the presence of DNA sequences homologous to virulence genes described in other invasive enterobacteria, as well as their ability to invade HeLa cells, their plasmid profiles and antibiotic resistance patterns.
P. alcalifaciens---No homologous sequences of virulence genes were observed with any of the P. alcalifaciens isolates studied.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---The sensitivity of Porphyromonas gingivalis and Fusobacterium nucleatum to different (pseudo)halide-peroxidase combinations compared with mutans streptococci.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Previous studies have shown that the peroxidase system with iodide is particularly effective against Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---In the present study, the effects of iodide, chloride and thiocyanate in combinations with lactoperoxidase (LP) and myeloperoxidase (MP) on the viability of Porphyromonas gingivalis, Fusobacterium nucleatum, Streptococcus mutans and S. rattus were analysed.
Fusobacterium nucleatum---Anti-Bacterial AgentsChloridesColony Count, MicrobialDithiothreitolFusobacterium nucleatumHumansHydrogen PeroxideIodidesLactoperoxidasePeroxidasePeroxidasesPorphyromonas gingivalisRatsStreptococcusStreptococcus mutansThiocyanates
A. baumannii---It is concluded that, although class 1 integrons are widely disseminated amongst clinical isolates of A. baumannii from the Bilbao region of Spain, at present they are not playing a major role in the dissemination of antibiotic resistance genes in this region.
C. albicans---This study showed that subinhibitory concentrations of fluconazole also inhibit agar invasion by C. albicans in YPD solid medium.
C. albicans---Agar invasion was markedly inhibited in two C. albicans strains that were resistant to fluconazole.
C. albicans---This suggests that the degree to which fluconazole inhibits agar invasion by C. albicans hyphae could serve as a marker of susceptibility to azoles.
Nocardia otitidiscaviarum---Primary brain abscess with Nocardia otitidiscaviarum in an intravenous drug abuser.
Nocardia otitidiscaviarum---A primary brain abscess with Nocardia otitidiscaviarum in an intravenous drug abuser is reported.
N. otitidiscaviarum---However, N. otitidiscaviarum was isolated from the lesion after emergency craniotomy.
Pleurotus ostreatus---Comparison of three fungal laccases from Rigidoporus lignosus and Pleurotus ostreatus: correlation between conformation changes and catalytic activity.
Penaeus brasiliensis---Anticoagulant and antiprotease effects of a novel heparinlike compound from shrimp (Penaeus brasiliensis) and its neutralization by heparinase I.Heparin is usually obtained from mammalian organs, such as beef lung, beef mucosa, porcine mucosa, and sheep intestinal mucosa.
Penaeus brasiliensis---A previous report described the structural features of a novel LMWH from the shrimp (Penaeus brasiliensis).
P. verreauxi deckeni---In particular, it is unclear whether P. verreauxi deckeni and P.v.
P. tattersalli---Furthermore, the taxonomic status of the recently discovered P. tattersalli and its phylogenetic position also require further examination.
P. diadema---P. diadema is placed as a sister group to all other Propithecus.
P. tattersalli---coquereli and P. tattersalli, while P.v.
P. tattersalli---Based on pairwise distance comparisons and tree topology, we conclude that P. tattersalli does not represent a distinct species and that P.v.
Panicum miliaceum---The present study identifies additional biological activities of the SPMV CP, including the induction of severe chlorosis on proso millet plants (Panicum miliaceum cv.
N. glutinosa---Cauliflower mosaic virus strain W260 elicits a hypersensitive response (HR) in leaves of Nicotiana edwardsonii, an interspecific hybrid derived from a cross between N. glutinosa and N. clevelandii.
N. glutinosa---Interestingly, we found that N. glutinosa is resistant to W260, but responds with local chlorotic lesions rather than necrotic lesions.
N. glutinosa---First, we showed that the non-necrotic resistance response of N. glutinosa could be converted to HR when these plants were crossed with N. clevelandii.
N. glutinosa---We concluded that the resistance of N. edwardsonii to W260 infection was conditioned by a gene derived from N. glutinosa, whereas cell death was conditioned by a gene derived from N. clevelandii.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS571 colonizes the xylem of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Azorhizobium caulinodans---Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS571 colonizes the xylem of Arabidopsis thaliana.
A. thaliana---Improved conditions were used for the aseptic growth of Arabidopsis thaliana to investigate whether xylem colonization of A. thaliana by Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS571 might occur.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Improved conditions were used for the aseptic growth of Arabidopsis thaliana to investigate whether xylem colonization of A. thaliana by Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS571 might occur.
Azorhizobium caulinodans---Improved conditions were used for the aseptic growth of Arabidopsis thaliana to investigate whether xylem colonization of A. thaliana by Azorhizobium caulinodans ORS571 might occur.
A. thaliana---Detailed microscopic analysis of sections of primary and lateral roots from inoculated A. thaliana confirmed xylem colonization.
Azorhizobium caulinodans---ArabidopsisAzorhizobium caulinodansGenes, ReporterLac OperonNitrogen FixationPlant Roots
Molluscum contagiosum---Molluscum contagiosum is a common and self-limiting viral infection, that in HIV+ patients courses as an opportunist affection with atypical clinical features.
B. insularis---Acute experiments (3 h and 24 h) with B. insularis crude venom (20 microg and 80 microg) or its PLA2-contaning fraction (10 microg and 40 microg) resulted in significant structural damage to the kidneys of 5-12-day-old chicks.
B. insularis---This divergent sensitivity to the venom and its fraction may reflect the species-specific characteristics of B. insularis snake, an example of geographical isolation influencing its diet which is almost exclusively avian.
Artemisia capillaris---New constituents and antiplatelet aggregation and anti-HIV principles of Artemisia capillaris.
Artemisia capillaris---Five new constituents including a flavonoid, artemisidin A (1), and four coumarins, artemicapins A (2), B (3), C (4) and D (5), together with 70 known compounds (6-75), have been isolated and characterized from the aerial part of Artemisia capillaris.
P. carinii---Bacterial infections, herpes zoster and tuberculosis occurred frequently at all stages of HIV infection; whereas DMAC, P. carinii pneumonia, CMV and other OIs occurred primarily in children with severe immunosuppression.
Turicella otitidis---Turicella otitidis mastoiditis in a healthy child.
Turicella otitidis---Turicella otitidis, a coryneform bacterium, has been associated with acute otitis media.
Alexandrium catenella---As model organisms, we used a stock strain of Alexandrium catenella and cells of Dinophysis acuminata harvested from the Atlantic Ocean.
Dinophysis acuminata---As model organisms, we used a stock strain of Alexandrium catenella and cells of Dinophysis acuminata harvested from the Atlantic Ocean.
C. psittaci---The PCRs were 15-fold more sensitive than the cell culture quantitative assay of C. psittaci B577 infectious stock.
C. psittaci---The number of chlamydial genomes detected by C. psittaci B577 FRET PCR correlated well with cell culture determination of inclusion forming units (IFUs) (r = 0.96, P &lt; 0.0008).
C. psittaci---When infected tissue samples were analyzed by cell culture and PCR, the correlation coefficient between IFUs and chlamydial genomes was higher with C. psittaci B577 FRET PCR (r = 0.90, P &lt; 0.0004) than with Chlamydia omp1 SYBR Green PCR (r = 0.85, P &lt; 0.002).
Lawsonia intracellularis---The clinical investigation looked for the intestinal pathogens Brachyspira pilosicoli, B. hyodysenteriae, Lawsonia intracellularis, Salmonella spp., Yersinia spp., transmissible gastroenteritis virus, and rotavirus.
Treponema pallidum---Several factors were significantly associated with an increased risk of being HIV-infected [among others, working in 'shared rooms', high number of clients, use of injectable hormones, and positive Treponema pallidum particle agglutination (TPPA) serology], and others with a decreased risk (being born in Addis Ababa, high level of education, peer education on sex work, condom use, use of oral pill, and use of condoms for contraception).
L. aethiopica---The gp63 encoding genes were characterized by PCR-RFLP in 35 isolates representative of the Leishmania donovani complex (L. infantum, L. donovani, L. archibaldi and L. chagasi), with special attention to Mediterranean L. infantum from different geographical origins, and in separate groups from Old World Leishmania (L. major, L. tropica and L. aethiopica).
L. chagasi---The gp63 encoding genes were characterized by PCR-RFLP in 35 isolates representative of the Leishmania donovani complex (L. infantum, L. donovani, L. archibaldi and L. chagasi), with special attention to Mediterranean L. infantum from different geographical origins, and in separate groups from Old World Leishmania (L. major, L. tropica and L. aethiopica).
P. halepensis---Important differences were found in the antigen components of the salivary gland lysates (SGL) of Phlebotomus papatasi, P. perniciosus and P. halepensis.
P. perniciosus---Important differences were found in the antigen components of the salivary gland lysates (SGL) of Phlebotomus papatasi, P. perniciosus and P. halepensis.
P. halepensis---A weak cross-reaction was observed between P. perniciosus and P. halepensis; in SGL from P. perliciosus, the sera from rabbits and hamsters bitten by this species recognized about 8 intense bands while sera from animals bitten by P. halepensis reacted weakly with up to 4 saliva polypeptides.
P. perniciosus---A weak cross-reaction was observed between P. perniciosus and P. halepensis; in SGL from P. perliciosus, the sera from rabbits and hamsters bitten by this species recognized about 8 intense bands while sera from animals bitten by P. halepensis reacted weakly with up to 4 saliva polypeptides.
Clethrionomys glareolus---Factors affecting the component community structure of haemoparasites in bank voles (Clethrionomys glareolus) from the Mazury Lake District region of Poland.
Clethrionomys glareolus---The prevalence and abundance of infections with haemoparasites were studied over a 3 year period in Clethrionomys glareolus (bank vole, n = 420) sampled from forests in the NE of Poland.
Bartonella grahamii---Total species richness was 5 (Prevalence = Haemobartonella sp. 63.1%, Bartonella grahamii 27.4%, Hepatozoon erhardovae 31.4%, Trypanosoma evotomys 15% and Babesia microti 1.0%) with 81.9% of the voles carrying at least 1 species and a mean infracommunity species richness of 1.4.
Leuciscus cephalus---Myxosporidia and macrophage centres in chub (Leuciscus cephalus)--quantitative interactions focus on Myxobolus cyprini.
Leuciscus cephalus---Six myxosporidian species were found in chub (Leuciscus cephalus) originating from Lower Austrian rivers.
Nucella lapillus---The toxicity of cadmium, zinc and cadmium/zinc mixtures at concentrations ranging from 1000 to 50000 microg/l were investigated against cercariae and metacercariae of Parorchis acanthus obtained from the dog whelk Nucella lapillus.
Acanthocheilonema viteae---However, the placement of the Wolbachia-free filaria Acanthocheilonema viteae is ambiguous and dependent on the phylogenetic methods used.
C. salmositica---Isometamidium chloride (Samorin) was cryptobiacidal at low concentrations and was examined for therapeutic and prophylactic activities against C. salmositica in chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha).
Gasterosteus aculeatus---Experimental infections of copepods and sticklebacks Gasterosteus aculeatus with small ensheathed and large third-stage larvae of Anisakis simplex (Nematoda, Ascaridoidea, Anisakidae).
Acartia tonsa---Free-swimming ensheathed larvae of Anisakis simplex were shown experimentally to be ingested by the copepods Oitona similis and Acartia tonsa and by the nauplii of barnacles Balanus sp.
Gasterosteus aculeatus---Sticklebacks Gasterosteus aculeatus are naturally infected with larvae of A. simplex in coastal brackish water.
Platichthys flesus---Experiments showed that larvae from herring viscera survived and remained infective after at least 6 weeks in brackish water and seawater and that L3 from herring viscera were ingested by sticklebacks (and flounder Platichthys flesus), where they reencapsulated on the viscera; the L3 were alive 2 years later.
Neospora caninum---Efficacy of toltrazuril and ponazuril against experimental Neospora caninum infection in mice.
Neospora caninum---) with 2 x 10(6) Neospora caninum tachyzoites.
Schistosoma intercalatum---Molecular arguments for splitting of Schistosoma intercalatum, into two distinct species.
Schistosoma intercalatum---The taxonomic status of the two known strains of Schistosoma intercalatum, the Lower Guinea strain (originating from Edea, Cameroon) and the Zaire strain (originating from Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo, formerly Zaire) was examined using random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD) markers.
S. haematobium---Two additional species within the S. haematobium group, S. haematobium and S. mattheei, were included in the study.
S. intercalatum---Only 22% (20/91) of the RAPD fragments were shared between S. intercalatum Zaire and S. intercalatum Cameroon.
S. haematobium---The mean values recorded for the Nei and Li's genetic distances between S. haematobium and S. mattheei and between S. intercalatum Zaire and S. intercalatum Cameroon were 0.546 and 0.596, respectively.
S. intercalatum---The mean values recorded for the Nei and Li's genetic distances between S. haematobium and S. mattheei and between S. intercalatum Zaire and S. intercalatum Cameroon were 0.546 and 0.596, respectively.
S. intercalatum---A principal component analysis and one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA/MANOVA) showed a significant separation between S. intercalatum Zaire and S. intercalatum Cameroon.
S. intercalatum---The data support the hypothesis that S. intercalatum Zaire and S. intercalatum Cameroon are distinct species.
S. intercalatum---Additional molecular-biology studies are in progress that involve the use of nuclear and mitochondrial markers to confirm the extent of the genetic divergence prior to the establishment of final decision on the taxonomic status of the two strains of S. intercalatum.
Lactococcus lactis---AminopeptidasesAnimalsBacterial ProteinsBacteriocinsBridged CompoundsCattleCheeseEnterococcus faeciumHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationLactobacillusLactococcus lactisMilkNisin
B. cereus---B. cereus was present in 32 samples of which most were polyethylene packaged.
Acer saccharum---The sap of the maple sugar tree (Acer saccharum) contains 2 to 3% sucrose and is traditionally collected early in the year and concentrated by boiling to produce maple syrup.
Mannheimia haemolytica---PROCEDURE: Mannheimia haemolytica or saline (0.9% NaCl) solution was inoculated in both cranial lung lobes of 12 and 6 calves, respectively.
Mannheimia haemolytica---CONCLUSIONS: Mannheimia haemolytica infection in neonatal calves resulted in pulmonary tissue damage and decreased epithelial cell iNOS expression.
Gopherus agassizii---Soluble scute proteins of healthy and ill desert tortoises (Gopherus agassizii).
Mannheimia haemolytica---Effects of Mannheimia haemolytica leukotoxin on apoptosis and oncosis of bovine neutrophils.
Mannheimia haemolytica---OBJECTIVE: To investigate the concentration-dependent effects of Mannheimia haemolytica (formerly Pasteurella haemolytica) leukotoxin (LKT) on apoptosis and oncosis in bovine neutrophils and to examine the role of calcium ions (Ca2+) in LKT-induced apoptosis.
Pasteurella haemolytica---OBJECTIVE: To investigate the concentration-dependent effects of Mannheimia haemolytica (formerly Pasteurella haemolytica) leukotoxin (LKT) on apoptosis and oncosis in bovine neutrophils and to examine the role of calcium ions (Ca2+) in LKT-induced apoptosis.
Mannheimia haemolytica---AnimalsApoptosisBacterial ToxinsCattleExotoxinsMannheimia haemolyticaMicroscopy, ElectronNeutrophilsStaurosporineTime Factors
Perionyx excavatus---The potential of two epigeic species (Eudrilus eugeniae Kinberg, and Perionyx excavatus Perrier) and two anecic species (Lampito mauritii Kinberg and Drawida willsi Michaelson) of earthworms was assessed in terms of efficiency and sustainability of vermicomposting water hyacinth (Eichhornia crassipes, Mart.
P. excavatus---E. eugeniae was by far the most efficient producer of vermicasts, followed by the other epigeic P. excavatus.
L. mauritii---The maximum net gain of weight (average 30.7 g) was by E. eugeniae, followed by P. excavatus, L. mauritii and D. willsi.
P. excavatus---The maximum net gain of weight (average 30.7 g) was by E. eugeniae, followed by P. excavatus, L. mauritii and D. willsi.
C. sinensis---Volatile extracts of C. sinensis showed greater insecticidal potency, while the cockroach was the most susceptible to the orange peels among the three insects studied.
B. orphanidis---It appears that B. orphanidis is as highly distinctive in its flavonoid pattern as it is phytogeographically.
Trianthema portulacastrum---Trianthenol: an antifungal tetraterpenoid from Trianthema portulacastrum (Aizoaceae).
Trianthema portulacastrum---An antifungal tetraterpenoid named trianthenol 1 has been isolated from the chloroform extract of Trianthema portulacastrum.
Trianthema portulacastrum---A benzaldehyde derivative 2, a pentacyclic triterpenoid 3 and benzoic acid derivatives 4-5 are also reported for the first time from Trianthema portulacastrum.
Alpinia flabellata---Phenylbutanoid dimers from the leaves of Alpinia flabellata.
Alpinia flabellata---Three phenylbutanoid dimers, cis- and trans-1-(2,4,5-trimethoxy-E-styryl)-2-(2,4,5-trimethoxy-Z-styryl)cyclobutane and 1,2-bis(2,4,5-trimethoxy-Z-styryl)- cyclobutane, were isolated from the leaves of Alpinia flabellata Ridley, together with three known compounds (2,4,5-trimethoxybenzaldehyde, 2,4,5-trimethoxycinnamaldehyde and 3,5-dihydroxy-7,4'-dimethoxyflavone).
Treponema pallidum---Biology of Treponema pallidum: correlation of functional activities with genome sequence data.
T. pallidum subsp---Aspects of the biology of T. pallidum subsp.
T. pallidum---T. pallidum and a group of closely related pathogenic spirochetes have evolved to become highly invasive, persistent pathogens with little toxigenic activity and an inability to survive outside the mammalian host.
T. pallidum---The metabolic capabilities and adaptability of T. pallidum are minimal, and this relative deficiency is reflected by the absence of many pathways, including the tricarboxylic acid cycle, components of oxidative phosphorylation, and most biosynthetic pathways.
T. pallidum---Although multiplication of T. pallidum has been obtained in a tissue culture system, continuous in vitro culture has not been achieved.
T. pallidum---The balance of oxygen utilization and toxicity is key to the survival and growth of T. pallidum, and the genome sequence reveals a similarity to lactic acid bacteria that may be useful in understanding this relationship.
Treponema pallidum---AnimalsGenome, BacterialHumansTreponema pallidum
Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp---Autoregulation of the biosynthesis of the CcpA-like protein, PepR1, in Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp bulgaricus.
Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp---PepR1 from Lactobacillus delbrueckii subsp bulgaricus (Lb.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Adenylate CyclaseAmino Acid MotifsAmino Acid SequenceBase SequenceBordetella pertussisDimerizationGeobacillus stearothermophilusLeucine ZippersMolecular Sequence DataMutagenesisProtein Structure, TertiaryTwo-Hybrid System TechniquesTyrosineTyrosine-tRNA Ligase
P. salmonis---Genomic DNA isolated from Percoll density gradient purified P. salmonis, was used to construct an expression library in lambda ZAP II.
P. salmonis---In the absence of preexisting DNA sequence, rabbit polyclonal antiserum raised against P. salmonis, with a bias toward P. salmonis surface antigens, was used to identify immunoreactive clones.
P. salmonis---Expression of OspA in P. salmonis was confirmed by immunoblot analysis using polyclonal antibodies generated against a synthetic peptide of OspA (110-129) and a strong antibody response against OspA was detected in convalescent sera from coho salmon (Oncorhynchus kisutch).
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---The diseases that can be eradicated are Salmonella (only specific strains), Pasteurella multocida DNT + PAR), Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae, Haematopinus suis (lice) and Sarcoptes scabei (var.
Pasteurella multocida---The diseases that can be eradicated are Salmonella (only specific strains), Pasteurella multocida DNT + PAR), Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae, Haematopinus suis (lice) and Sarcoptes scabei (var.
Actinobacillus pleuropneumoniae---Actinobacillus InfectionsActinobacillus pleuropneumoniaeAnimal HusbandryAnimalsAnopluraLice InfestationsNetherlandsPasteurella InfectionsPasteurella multocidaPublic HealthSalmonella Infections, AnimalSarcoptes scabieiScabiesSwineSwine Diseases
Pasteurella multocida---Actinobacillus InfectionsActinobacillus pleuropneumoniaeAnimal HusbandryAnimalsAnopluraLice InfestationsNetherlandsPasteurella InfectionsPasteurella multocidaPublic HealthSalmonella Infections, AnimalSarcoptes scabieiScabiesSwineSwine Diseases
Histoplasma capsulatum---The microorganisms B. henselae, T. gondii, R. typhi, T. pallidum, Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Histoplasma capsulatum, and various viruses, such as HIV, mumps, and HSV, are known intracellular agents.
T. pallidum---The microorganisms B. henselae, T. gondii, R. typhi, T. pallidum, Mycobacterium tuberculosis, Histoplasma capsulatum, and various viruses, such as HIV, mumps, and HSV, are known intracellular agents.
A. koshunensis---A higher concentration of kinsenoside, 3-(R)-3-beta-D-glucopyranosyloxybutanolide (1), was detected in the crude drug Anoectochilusformosanus, and A. koshunensis by HPLC analysis.
O. japonica---This is also the first report of the isolation of eduline (2) from O. japonica.
Paeonia suffruticosa---Five paeonol glycosides, suffruticosides A, B, C, D, and E, and a monoterpene glucoside, galloyl-oxypaeoniflorin, were isolated from the glycosidic fraction of Chinese Moutan Cortex, the root cortex of Paeonia suffruticosa Andrews, together with paeonolide, apiopaeonoside, galloyl-paeoniflorin, oxypaeoniflorin, and paeoniflorin.
Spirulina platensis---Effects of structural modification of calcium spirulan, a sulfated polysaccharide from Spirulina platensis, on antiviral activity.
Hymenophyllum barbatum---Hymenosides A-F, six new hemiterpene glucosides from the Japanese fern Hymenophyllum barbatum.
Hymenophyllum barbatum---In the course of investigation of the bitter-tasting substances of the Japanese fern Hymenophyllum barbatum belonging to the family Hymenophyllaceae, six new hemiterpene glucosides called hymenosides A-F (1-6) have been isolated from the methanol extract, together with an acyclic bis-bibenzyl derivative, perrottetin H. This paper deals with the structure elucidation of the newly isolated glucosides.
Chrysemys picta marginata---The physiology of hibernation among painted turtles: the midland painted turtle (Chrysemys picta marginata).
B. subtilis phosphotrehalase---To modify Tre6P levels in vivo, we expressed B. subtilis phosphotrehalase in yeast.
Thermoascus aurantiacus---Biochemical characterization and mechanism of action of a thermostable beta-glucosidase purified from Thermoascus aurantiacus.
Thermoascus aurantiacus---An extracellular beta-glucosidase from Thermoascus aurantiacus was purified to homogeneity by DEAE-Sepharose, Ultrogel AcA 44 and Mono-P column chromatography.
T. aurantiacus---The stereochemistry of cellobiose hydrolysis revealed that beta-glucosidase from T. aurantiacus is a retaining glycosidase, while N-terminal amino acid sequence alignment indicated that it is a member of glycoside hydrolase family 3.
Lutra canadensis---Mercury concentrations were analyzed in different organs/tissues of wild minks (Mustela vison) and river otters (Lutra canadensis) trapped during two seasons in the James Bay territory (49 degrees N to 55 degrees N, Qubec, Canada).
Phalacrocorax auritus---Double-crested cormorant (Phalacrocorax auritus) eggs at pipping and sibling 10-day-old chicks were collected from two colonies in Green Bay, WI, one colony in Lake Michigan, WI, and reference colonies in South Dakota and Minnesota.
Colinus virginianus---Sublethal exposures of northern bobwhite Colinus virginianus to aldicarb can be identified with greater than 80% confidence for 6 h after dosing.
Epinephelus areolatus---The levels of six heavy metals (Cd, Cr, Cu, Ni, Pb, and Zn) in different tissues of three species of cultured marine fishes (Epinephelus areolatus, Lutjanus russelli, and Sparus sarba) collected from three fish culture sites in Hong Kong were evaluated.
Salvelinus fontinalis---Bioavailability of metals in stream food webs and hazards to brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis) in the upper Animas River watershed, Colorado.
Salvelinus fontinalis---We determined metal concentrations in components of the food web of the Animas River and its tributaries-periphyton (aufwuchs), benthic invertebrates, and livers of brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis)-and evaluated pathways of metal exposure and hazards of metal toxicity to stream biota.
A. woodiana---These levels were about 100 times higher than those in A. woodiana.
A. woodiana---Thiobencarb and molinate in A. woodiana and chlornitrofen (CNP) and molinate in C. leana remained in the gonad and midgut gland longer than in the gill and remaining tissues, while thiobencarb in organs of C. leana remained at ppm levels until the end of the experiments.
Scirpus robustus---For this reason, the toxicities of whole sediments collected from 15 sites in three urbanized Florida bayou-estuaries were determined for the benthic invertebrates Mysidopsis bahia and Ampelisca abdita and the plants Scirpus robustus Pursh (saltmarsh bulrush) and Spartina alterniflora Loisel (saltmarsh cordgrass).
Rhizobium leguminosarum---Survival and nodulating ability of indigenous and inoculated Rhizobium leguminosarum biovar trifolii in sterilized and unsterilized soil treated with sewage sludge.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---Rhizobium leguminosarum biovar trifolii was detected in soil from 41 of 47 plots, within nine sewage sludge-treated sites with different soil characteristics and heavy metal contents.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---FabaceaeMetalsPlants, MedicinalRhizobium leguminosarumSewageSoilSoil MicrobiologySymbiosis
Gardnerella vaginalis---Identification of a Gardnerella vaginalis hemoglobin-binding protein.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Previous studies have shown that Gardnerella vaginalis can utilize human hemoglobin as a sole source of iron.
Gardnerella vaginalis---Bacterial ProteinsBinding, CompetitiveBiological TransportBlotting, WesternCarrier ProteinsGardnerella vaginalisHemoglobinsHumansProtein Binding
Lactococcus lactis---Molecular differentiation of Lactococcus lactis subspecies lactis and cremoris strains by ribotyping and site specific-PCR.
Lactococcus lactis---Twenty-five strains of Lactococcus lactis subspecies lactis and subspecies cremoris obtained from dairy industry and environmental collections were examined by 16S RNA automated ribotyping profiles and site-specific PCR (S-PCR).
Lactococcus lactis---DNA FingerprintingLactococcus lactisPhenotypePhylogenyPolymerase Chain ReactionRNA, Ribosomal, 16SRibotyping
Lactobacillus acidophilus autolysins---Lactobacillus acidophilus autolysins inhibit Helicobacter pylori in vitro.
L. acidophilus---In mixed cultures, L. acidophilus CRL 639 showed an autolytic behavior after 24 h of culture.
L. acidophilus---At this moment, H. pylori CCUG17874 showed a decrease of 2 log-cycle, and no viable count was detected after 48 h. The bactericidal effect of L. acidophilus CRL 639 in mixed cultures is related to a proteinaceous compound released after cell lysis.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---AntibiosisBacterial ProteinsBacteriolysisCulture MediaHelicobacter pyloriHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationLactatesLactobacillus acidophilus
Sarothamnus scoparius---Numerical taxonomy of Sarothamnus scoparius rhizobia.
Sarothamnus scoparius---Twenty nodule isolates from Sarothamnus scoparius (broom) growing in Poland and nine strains from plants growing in Japan were studied for phenotypic properties, plasmid presence, phage sensitivity, and host plant specificity.
S. scoparius---The membership of S. scoparius rhizobia in the Bradyrhizobium genus was also supported by their long generation time, alkaline reaction in YEM medium with mannitol, lack of plasmids, and wide host plant range.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---A low-pH-inducible, stationary-phase acid tolerance response in Lactobacillus acidophilus CRL 639.
L. acidophilus---In this report we show that triggering the stationary-phase acid tolerance response (ATR) in L. acidophilus CRL 639 depends on the final growth pH.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Adaptation, PhysiologicalBacterial ProteinsCulture MediaFermentationHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationKineticsLactobacillus acidophilus
Lactobacillus reuteri---Kinetics characterization of taurocholic transport in Lactobacillus reuteri.
Lactobacillus reuteri---Taurocholic acid transport in Lactobacillus reuteri CRL 1098 was determined.
Citellus alaschanicus---In Haiyuan, where the main plague reservoir was Mongolian ground squirrel (Citellus alaschanicus) living in the prairie, Y. enterocolitica O9 was frequently isolated from pigs, dogs, rodents living in and around houses, but only rarely from hare and Mongolian ground squirrel.
Capreolus capreolus---Therefore, we tested a variety of microsatellite polymorphism derived from reindeer (Rangifer tarandus) by PCR and sequencing analysis for use in red deer (Cervus elaphus), roe deer (Capreolus capreolus) and fallow deer (Dama dama).
Coxiella burnetii---Infection of Vero cells with Coxiella burnetii phase II: relative intracellular bacterial load and distribution estimated by confocal laser scanning microscopy and morphometry.
Coxiella burnetii---Coxiella burnetii, the agent of Q fever in man and of coxiellosis in other species, is an intracellular pathogen not yet grown axenically.
C. burnetii---Confocal laser fluorescence microscopy and morphometry were used to measure relative C. burnetii phase II loads and their intracellular distribution in aldehyde fixed and DAPI stained Vero cell monolayers.
Coxiella burnetii---AnimalsCell SizeCercopithecus aethiopsCoxiella burnetiiFluorescenceImage Processing, Computer-AssistedMicroscopy, ConfocalQ FeverVacuolesVero Cells
Trichoderma harzianum---This method was successfully used to follow induction and repression of extracellular exochitinase activity in the biocontrol fungus Trichoderma harzianum.
Aotus trivirgatus---Adjuvants, ImmunologicAnemiaAnimalsAntibodies, ProtozoanAntigens, ProtozoanAotus trivirgatusCarrier ProteinsDisease Models, AnimalFemaleHumansImmunization ScheduleImmunization, SecondaryMalaria VaccinesMalaria, FalciparumMaleParasitemiaPlasmodium falciparumProtozoan ProteinsVaccinationVaccines, DNAVaccines, Synthetic
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Our case-control study assessed the association of Mycoplasma genitalium, Ureaplasma urealyticum, and other potential pathogens with acute nongonococcal urethritis (NGU) in heterosexual men presenting to an urban sexually transmitted diseases clinic.
M. genitalium---M. genitalium was detected in 27 (22%) of 121 NGU case patients and in 5 (4%) of 117 control subjects (P&lt;.01).
M. genitalium---Although C. trachomatis was detected in 36 (30%) of 121 NGU case patients and in 4 (3%) of 117 control subjects (P&lt;.01), only 3 men with NGU were infected with both C. trachomatis and M. genitalium.
M. genitalium---By multivariate analyses, controlling for age, race, history of prior urethritis, and chlamydial infection, M. genitalium was associated with a 6.5-fold increased risk of urethritis (95% confidence interval, 2.1-19.5), which supports a role of this organism in the etiology of NGU.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---AdolescentAdultCase-Control StudiesChlamydia trachomatisGenital Diseases, MaleHeterosexualityHumansMaleMiddle AgedMycoplasmaMycoplasma InfectionsPolymerase Chain ReactionSexual BehaviorSexually Transmitted Diseases, BacterialUreaplasma urealyticumUrethritisUrine
T. scripta---Chromosome translocations in T. scripta: the dose-rate effect and in vivo lymphocyte radiation response.
T. scripta---We estimated the whole-genome spontaneous background level of complete, apparently simple symmetrical translocations in T. scripta lymphocytes to be approximately 1.20 x 10(-3)/cell projected from aberrations occurring in chromosome 1.
Saguinus oedipus---In a series of four experimental conditions, we exposed a New World monkey, the cotton-top tamarin (Saguinus oedipus), to the same speech streams used by Saffran, Aslin, and Newport (Science 274 (1996) 1926) with human infants, and then tested their learning using similar methods to those used with infants.
Tribolium castaneum---We have isolated the Dll orthologue (TcDll) from the beetle Tribolium castaneum, which, unlike Drosophila, develops well-formed limbs during embryogenesis.
P. pacificus---To understand the molecular basis of these evolutionary changes, we have performed a genetic analysis of vulva formation in P. pacificus.
P. pacificus---Here, we describe two mutants where the vulva is shifted posteriorly, affecting which precursor cells will form vulval tissue in P. pacificus.
C. albicans---In addition, upstream of the sequenced PsLYS2 sequence, we have found the 3'-terminal half of a gene of same orientation encoding a RAD16-like protein, a genomic organization similar to that of C. albicans.
C. albicans---Comparison of the ALS5 sequence from two strains indicated sequence differences larger than strain or allelic mismatches observed for other C. albicans genes.
C. albicans---Screening a collection of commonly used C. albicans strains and clinical isolates indicated that ALS5 is not present in several of these strains, supporting the conclusion that the Als protein profile is variable among C. albicans isolates.
C. albicans---Gene sequences of C. albicans ALS5 (Accession No.
A. vinelandii---A specific transhydrogenase activity of 4.53 U/mg protein was measured in the extracts from the strain expressing the sth gene from A. vinelandii, while no transhydrogenase activity could be detected in control strains without the gene.
Antheraea polyphemus---Female Attacus atlas respond to pheromones of Antheraea polyphemus: a comparative electrophysiological and biochemical study.
Antheraea polyphemus---Female Attacus atlas respond electrophysiologically to both of the Antheraea polyphemus pheromone components (E,Z)-6,11-hexadecadienyl acetate and (E,Z)-6,11-hexadecadienal.
A. polyphemus---In contrast, female A. polyphemus do not respond to their own or to A. atlas pheromone.
A. polyphemus---Male A. atlas do not detect any of the A. polyphemus compounds but only the conspecific female gland extracts.
A. polyphemus---Both male A. atlas and female A. polyphemus possess PBP and GOBP but lack the pheromone-degrading esterases of male Antheraea.
Autographa californica---Computer-assisted analysis revealed 135 putative ORFs of 150 nt or larger; 100 ORFs have homologues in Autographa californica multicapsid NPV (AcMNPV) and a further 15 ORFs have homologues in other baculoviruses such as Lymantria dispar MNPV (LdMNPV), Spodoptera exigua MNPV (SeMNPV) and Xestia c-nigrum granulovirus (XcGV).
Spodoptera exigua---Computer-assisted analysis revealed 135 putative ORFs of 150 nt or larger; 100 ORFs have homologues in Autographa californica multicapsid NPV (AcMNPV) and a further 15 ORFs have homologues in other baculoviruses such as Lymantria dispar MNPV (LdMNPV), Spodoptera exigua MNPV (SeMNPV) and Xestia c-nigrum granulovirus (XcGV).
Orgyia pseudotsugata---Among the six previously sequenced baculoviruses, AcMNPV, Bombyx mori NPV (BmNPV), Orgyia pseudotsugata MNPV (OpMNPV), SeMNPV, LdMNPV and XcGV, 65 ORFs are conserved and hence are considered as core baculovirus genes.
Puumala hantavirus---T-helper and humoral responses to Puumala hantavirus nucleocapsid protein: identification of T-helper epitopes in a mouse model.
Puumala hantavirus---Puumala hantavirus (PUUV) is a rodent-borne agent causing nephropathia epidemica in humans, a milder form of haemorrhagic fever with renal syndrome occurring in Fennoscandia, central Europe and western Russia.
Datura stramonium---In Datura stramonium, csTGMV produces leaf distortion and a severe chlorotic mosaic whereas yvTGMV produces only small chlorotic lesions on systemically infected leaves.
Datura stramonium---3' Untranslated RegionsAmino Acid SequenceBase SequenceDNA, ViralDatura stramoniumGeminiviridaeIn Situ HybridizationMolecular Sequence DataMutagenesis, Site-DirectedPhenotypePlant DiseasesPlant Viral Movement ProteinsPlants, MedicinalPlants, ToxicRecombination, GeneticTobaccoViral Proteins
Sorangium cellulosum---Epothilone B is a 16-membered macrolide produced by the myxobacterium Sorangium cellulosum and is currently under clinical investigation.
Allium sativum---A method is described for determining 41 insecticide residues in garlic (Allium sativum L.), including organophosphorus, organochlorine, carbamate, and synthetic pyrethroid insecticides.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Base SequenceGeobacillus stearothermophilusOligoribonucleotidesProtonsRNARNA Processing, Post-TranscriptionalRNA, ArchaealRNA, BacterialRNA, Ribosomal, 5SSpectrometry, Mass, Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption-IonizationSulfolobus acidocaldarius
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---Base SequenceGeobacillus stearothermophilusOligoribonucleotidesProtonsRNARNA Processing, Post-TranscriptionalRNA, ArchaealRNA, BacterialRNA, Ribosomal, 5SSpectrometry, Mass, Matrix-Assisted Laser Desorption-IonizationSulfolobus acidocaldarius
B. thuringiensis---The results showed that Japanese isolates of B. thuringiensis producing spherical parasporal inclusions with Lepidoptera-specific activity are categorized into two groups: one produces the class Cry9Da protein and the other a novel delta-endotoxin allied to the class Cry9.
Lactococcus lactis subsp---One of these plasmids, pER35, isolated from S. thermophilus ST135, encoded a type IC restriction-modification (R-M) system very similar to those encoded on plasmids pIL2614 in Lactococcus lactis subsp.
Lactococcus lactis---lactis and pND861 in Lactococcus lactis biovar diacetylactis.
L. lactis subsp---Similar to the functional R-M system encoded on pIL2614 that protects the mesophilic L. lactis subsp.
Anabaena variabilis---Regulation of sodium influx in the NaCl-resistant (NaCl(r)) mutant strain of the cyanobacterium Anabaena variabilis.
Anabaena variabilis---A NaCl(r) mutant of the diazotrophic cyanobacterium Anabaena variabilis has been isolated by NTG mutagenesis and selection for NaCl resistance.
B. fragilis---Alignment of the predicted protein encoded by ORF-2 showed significant homology to the Bacteroides fragilis tnpA gene from the transposon Tn4555, whereas the ORF-3 protein showed homology to B. fragilis transposase (Tn5220) and integrase (Tn4555) proteins.
Stigmatella aurantiaca---The mtaA gene of the myxothiazol biosynthetic gene cluster from Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1 encodes a phosphopantetheinyl transferase that activates polyketide synthases and polypeptide synthetases.
Stigmatella aurantiaca---Myxothiazol is synthesized by the myxobacterium Stigmatella aurantiaca DW4/3-1 via a combined polyketide synthase/polypeptide synthetase.
Sorangium cellulosum---Additionally, it is shown that MtaA has a relaxed substrate specificity: it processes an aryl carrier protein domain derived from the enterobactin synthetase of E. coli (ArCP) as well as a peptidyl carrier protein domain from a polypeptide synthetase of yet unknown function from Sorangium cellulosum.
Stigmatella aurantiaca---Adenosine TriphosphatasesAmino Acid SequenceBacterial ProteinsCarrier ProteinsCloning, MolecularEnzyme ActivationGene Expression Regulation, BacterialMethacrylatesMolecular Sequence DataMultienzyme ComplexesMultigene FamilyPeptide SynthasesSequence Homology, Amino AcidStigmatella aurantiacaSubstrate SpecificityThiazolesTransferases (Other Substituted Phosphate Groups)
Lateolabrax japonicus---Hepatic fatty acid-binding proteins of a teleost, Lateolabrax japonicus.
Lateolabrax japonicus---Two fatty acid-binding proteins (FABP), FABP-1 and FABP-2, were purified from the liver cytosol of the teleost, Lateolabrax japonicus (Japan sea bass), and characterized.
L. japonicus---L. japonicus FABP-2 contains three cysteine residues, and a disulfide bond is identified between Cys-81 and Cys-92.
Mortierella ramanniana var---Intracellular transport of phosphatidic acid and phosphatidylcholine into lipid bodies in an oleaginous fungus, Mortierella ramanniana var.
Mortierella ramanniana var---Exogenous fluorescent phosphatidic acid (PA) and phosphatidylcholine (PC) were transported into lipid bodies in an oleaginous fungus, Mortierella ramanniana var.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Cryptosporidium parvum is usually considered to be the pathogen responsible for human cryptosporidiosis.
C. parvum---We genotyped Cryptosporidium in 132 stool specimens from 80 Peruvian children, representing 85 infection episodes, using techniques that differentiate Cryptosporidium species and C. parvum genotypes.
C. meleagridis---Five types of Cryptosporidium were identified: C. parvum human (67), bovine (8), and dog (2) genotypes, C. meleagridis (7), and C. felis (1).
C. parvum---Five types of Cryptosporidium were identified: C. parvum human (67), bovine (8), and dog (2) genotypes, C. meleagridis (7), and C. felis (1).
C. meleagridis---Serum samples from 8 children with C. meleagridis, C. felis, or C. parvum dog genotype were tested for anti-human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type 1 antibodies; all were found to be negative.
C. parvum---Serum samples from 8 children with C. meleagridis, C. felis, or C. parvum dog genotype were tested for anti-human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) type 1 antibodies; all were found to be negative.
C. parvum---Contrary to common belief, novel Cryptosporidium species and C. parvum genotypes can infect HIV-negative children.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AnimalsCattleChildChild, PreschoolCryptosporidiosisCryptosporidium parvumDNA, ProtozoanDiarrheaDogsFecesGenotypeHumansInfantPeruPolymerase Chain ReactionPolymorphism, Restriction Fragment Length
Lactobacillus crispatus---Lactobacilli from hemagglutination group III, identified as Lactobacillus crispatus, showed greater capacity to block uropathogen adherence than those from hemagglutination groups II and I (61.9%, 49.5%, and 52.6% of blockage, respectively).
Yersinia pseudotuberculosis---5' Untranslated RegionsAmino Acid SequenceBacterial Outer Membrane ProteinsBacterial ProteinsGene Expression Regulation, BacterialHela CellsHumansImmunoblottingMolecular Sequence DataMutationRNA, MessengerSignal TransductionTrans-ActivatorsYersinia pseudotuberculosis
Rhizobium leguminosarum---Modifications to the lipopolysaccharide (LPS) structure caused by three different growth conditions were investigated in the pea-nodulating strain Rhizobium leguminosarum 3841.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---Bacterial AdhesionChromatographyCulture MediaElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelHydrocarbonsLipid ALipopolysaccharidesO AntigensOxygenPeasRhizobium leguminosarumSurface Properties
B. hermsii---We show here that B. hermsii binds to human platelets.
B. hermsii---Nevertheless, B. hermsii bound at detectable levels to preparations of resting platelets.
B. hermsii---Rather, B. hermsii was capable of triggering platelet and integrin alphaIIbbeta3 activation, as indicated by the expression of the platelet activation marker P-selectin and integrin alphaIIbbeta3 in its active conformation.
B. hermsii---Thus, B. hermsii signals the host cell to activate a critical receptor for the bacterium, thereby promoting high-level bacterial attachment.
Legionella pneumophila---Formation of a fibrous structure on the surface of Legionella pneumophila associated with exposure of DotH and DotO proteins after intracellular growth.
Legionella pneumophila---Legionella pneumophila grows in human alveolar macrophages and resides within a phagosome that initially lacks proteins associated with the endocytic pathway.
L. pneumophila---These data indicate that the surface-exposed DotH and DotO on L. pneumophila may act either just before lysis from the macrophage or at the earliest stages of infection, transiently relocating in a fibrous structure on the bacterial cell surface.
Legionella pneumophila---AnimalsBacterial ProteinsCell Membrane PermeabilityCells, CulturedCulture MediaEndocytosisFluorescent Antibody TechniqueGene DeletionHumansLegionella pneumophilaLegionnaires' DiseaseMacrophagesMiceMicroscopy, Electron
N. brasiliensis---These results indicate that interactions between CD11b and VLA-4 and their respective counter-ligands deposited on the cuticle are essential in eosinophil-mediated adhesion and damage to larvae of N. brasiliensis.
Echinococcus granulosus---Modulation of the cellular immune response by a carbohydrate rich fraction from Echinococcus granulosus protoscoleces in infected or immunized Balb/c mice.
Echinococcus granulosus---Infection of Balb/c mice with Echinococcus granulosus protoscoleces constitutes the model for secondary hydatid infection.
B. stearothermophilus---Despite its classification as a member of the 'iron-containing' polyol dehydrogenase family, studies on recombinant B. stearothermophilus GlyDH have shown this enzyme to be Zn(2+)-dependent.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---CrystallizationCrystallography, X-RayGeobacillus stearothermophilusMicroscopy, Electron, ScanningMutagenesisSugar Alcohol Dehydrogenases
Gracilaria chilensis---Crystallization and 2.2 A resolution structure of R-phycoerythrin from Gracilaria chilensis: a case of perfect hemihedral twinning.
Gracilaria chilensis---R-phycoerythrin, a light-harvesting component from the red algae Gracilaria chilensis, was crystallized by vapour diffusion using ammonium sulfate as precipitant agent.
Polysiphonia urceolata---Molecular replacement was performed with AMoRe using the R-phycoerythrin from Polysiphonia urceolata [Chang et al.
Fusarium oxysporum---Fusarium oxysporum trypsin at atomic resolution at 100 and 283 K: a study of ligand binding.
Proteus anguinus---Behavioural, physiological and metabolic responses to long-term starvation and refeeding in a blind cave-dwelling (Proteus anguinus) and a surface-dwelling (Euproctus asper) salamander.
Proteus anguinus---In contrast, the hypogean Proteus anguinus (Proteidae) displayed successive periods of glucidic, lipidic and finally lipido-proteic-dominant catabolism during the course of food deprivation.
Proteus anguinus---Proteus anguinus had reduced metabolic and activity rates (considerably lower than those of most surface-dwelling amphibians).
P. anguinus---Therefore, P. anguinus appears to be a good example of a low-energy-system vertebrate.
C. lectularius---Here, we report the finding of a cDNA similar to that of the C. lectularius salivary apyrase isolated from a salivary gland cDNA library of Phlebotomus papatasi.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Homologous sequences were found in humans, in another sand fly (Lutzomyia longipalpis), in the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster, in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans and in the protozoan Cryptosporidium parvum, indicating that this family of enzymes is widespread among animal species.
Lutzomyia longipalpis---Homologous sequences were found in humans, in another sand fly (Lutzomyia longipalpis), in the fruit fly Drosophila melanogaster, in the nematode Caenorhabditis elegans and in the protozoan Cryptosporidium parvum, indicating that this family of enzymes is widespread among animal species.
Fundulus heteroclitus---In the present study, a variety of techniques were used to characterize this toxin defense system in killifish (Fundulus heteroclitus) hepatocytes.
Brachyhypopomus pinnicaudatus---Similar results were obtained from Brachyhypopomus pinnicaudatus.
Larus argentatus---Genetic affinities within the herring gull Larus argentatus assemblage revealed by AFLP genotyping.
Larus argentatus---To date, the taxonomic status of circumpolar breeding populations of the Herring Gull Larus argentatus, the Lesser Black-backed Gull Larus fuscus, and the closely related Yellow-legged Gull Larus cachinnans has been based on differences or similarities in phenotype, morphology, and feeding and premating behavior.
Larus canus---To shed some new light on the many taxonomic uncertainties surrounding these taxa, we describe the results of a large DNA study based on comparing the distribution of 209 biallelic markers among 109 gulls, representing 11 gull taxa of the Herring Gull assemblage and the Common Gull Larus canus.
Ceratitis capitata---The Adh genes of B. oleae are compared to the two genes of the Mediterranean fly, Ceratitis capitata, the only other species of the Tephritidae family in which the Adh genes have been studied.
Pyrsonympha grandis---In research on these organisms which have not yet been cultivated, we developed a method for retrieving specific genes from a small number of cells, through micromanipulation without axenic cultivation, and we obtained EF-1 alpha and alpha-tubulin genes from members of the Hypermastigida--the parabasalid protist Trichonympha agilis and the oxymonad protists Pyrsonympha grandis and Dinenympha exilis--from the termite Reticulitermes speratus gut community.
Trichonympha agilis---In research on these organisms which have not yet been cultivated, we developed a method for retrieving specific genes from a small number of cells, through micromanipulation without axenic cultivation, and we obtained EF-1 alpha and alpha-tubulin genes from members of the Hypermastigida--the parabasalid protist Trichonympha agilis and the oxymonad protists Pyrsonympha grandis and Dinenympha exilis--from the termite Reticulitermes speratus gut community.
Mytilus galloprovincialis---Comparison of dinophysistoxin-1 and esterified dinophysistoxin-1 (dinophysistoxin-3) contents in the scallop Patinopecten yessoensis and the mussel Mytilus galloprovincialis.
Mytilus galloprovincialis---Okadaic acid (OA) homologues in toxic dinoflagellate Dinophysis fortii, scallops Patinopecten yessoensis and mussels Mytilus galloprovincialis collected at the same site in Mutsu Bay, Japan were determined by high-performance liquid chromatography fluorescence detection (HPLC-FLD) as their 9-anthryldiazomethane (ADAM) derivatives.
T. serrulatus---Mast cells can release a range of mediators known to be involved in the development of lung edema following T. serrulatus venom injection.
T. serrulatus---The present work was designed to investigate whether mast cells participated in the acute lung injury induced by T. serrulatus scorpion venom and could, thus, be an intermediate between neuropeptide release and activation of the inflammatory cascade.
T. serrulatus---Our results demonstrate an important role for mast cells in the development of lung injury and lethality following the intravenous administration of T. serrulatus venom.
Crotalus durissus terrificus---Gyroxin is a thrombin-like peptide with amidasic, esterasic and fibrinogenolitic activities, found in the venom of snakes like Lachesis muta muta and Crotalus durissus terrificus.
L. reclusa---We characterized the antigenic cross-reactivity of two medically important North American Loxoxceles species: L. reclusa (native to southeastern US) and L. deserta (native to southwestern US).
L. reclusa---Polyclonal IgG antivenins directed against L. reclusa and L. deserta were raised in rabbits and used to develop specific enzyme immunoassays (EIAs).
L. reclusa---Antigenic differences in the two venoms were evaluated as follows: (1) Comparison of the sensitivities and correlation coefficient (R(2)) of anti-L. reclusa (alpha LoxR) and anti-L. deserta antibodies (alpha LoxD) in the detection of varying concentrations of the two venoms; (2) separation and western blot comparison of venom components; (3) protein sequence analysis of L. desertavenom and comparison to the L. reclusa protein sequence analysis present in a US national database; and (4) in vivo evaluation of alpha LoxR and alpha LoxD antivenins in attenuating dermal lesions (rabbit model).
L. reclusa---In summary, L. reclusa and L deserta spider venoms possess several common protein bands as identified by western blot, greater than 90% amino acid sequence identity, and marked antigenic cross-reactivity.
B. jararaca---In the present work, we investigated the proteolytic action of B. jararaca venom upon its own constituents.
B. jararaca---We conclude that prolonged manipulation of B. jararaca venom at an acidic or alkaline pH can produce significant changes in its biological properties.
A. australis---The mechanical efficiency of A. australis hearts working at 25 and 50% of maximum power under different conditions of stroke volume (SV) and F was investigated.
Ictalurus punctatus---Extracellular afferent neural activity was recorded in vivo from cranial nerve IX (glossopharyngeal) from mechanoreceptors in the first gill arch of anesthetized, spontaneously breathing channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus).
Triticum aestivum---Triticum aestivum L. endoxylanase inhibitor (TAXI) consists of two inhibitors, TAXI I and TAXI II, with different specificities.
Triticum aestivum---The Triticum aestivum L. endoxylanase inhibitor (TAXI) discovered by Debyser and Delcour [(1997) Eur.
Triticum aestivum---By using Aspergillus niger as well as Bacillus subtilis endoxylanases for assaying inhibition activity, both inhibitors could be purified to homogeneity from wheat (Triticum aestivum L., var.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Rearrangements of the DNA in carbon ion-induced mutants of Arabidopsis thaliana.
Arabidopsis thaliana---To elucidate the nature of structural alterations in plants, three carbon ion-induced mutations in Arabidopsis thaliana, gl1-3, tt4(C1), and ttg1-21, were analyzed.
A. nidulans---When cultured on a medium limited for glucose supplemented with 2% sorbitol, sexual development of A. nidulans is slowed and intact tetrads can be isolated.
A. nidulans---A. nidulans strains that differ at only a single genetic marker fuse the haploid nuclei at random for formation of diploid nuclei during meiosis.
C. cinereus---The AmutBmut strain (326) of C. cinereus, in which both A- and B-regulated pathways are constitutively activated by mutations, produces, without mating, dikaryon-like, fertile hyphae with clamp connections.
P. paniscus---Independent canine reduction in several anthropoid lineages (including hominids and P. paniscus) has been related to a relaxation of the selection pressure favouring canine use as a weapon.
P. paniscus---Although changes in socio-sexual behaviour, as documented in P. paniscus, cannot be currently discarded in Oreopithecus, canine reduction could be also alternatively (although not exclusively) interpreted as an aspect of generalized microdontia.
Ameiurus nebulosus---The present study reports the isolation of three complementary DNA (cDNA) clones encoding distinct subtypes of CRF receptors from the diploid catfish (cf) species, Ameiurus nebulosus.
Autographa californica---These vectors were co-transfected with Autographa californica nuclear polyhedrosis virus (AcNPV) or Bombyx mori nuclear polyhedrosis virus (BmNPV) DNA into Spodoptera frugiperda cells (SF21AE) and Bombyx mori cells (BmN), respectively.
Scaphechinus mirabilis---The mAb, however, is not immunologically cross-reactive with other sea urchin embryos including Hemicentrotus pulcherrimus, Strongylocentrotus nudus, and Scaphechinus mirabilis.
Peronella japonica---Regulating potential in development of a direct developing echinoid, Peronella japonica.
Peronella japonica---The regulating potential along the animal-vegetal axis of a direct developing echinoid, Peronella japonica, was investigated using LiCl.
P. japonica---Animal caps isolated from 16-cell stage P. japonica embryos developed to permanent blastulae with an amniotic cavity.
Peronella japonica---Peronella japonica embryos became sensitive to LiCl induction of exogastrulation later than embryos of indirect developers.
C. granulata---Different groups of crustaceans belonging to diverse taxa (Chasmagnathus granulata, a grapsid crab and Orconectes limosus, an astacid) were injected with serotonin, fluoxetine, or a mixture of both, and glycemic values (C. granulata and O. limosus) and CHH levels (O. limosus) were determined after 2 h in either submerged animals or animals exposed to atmospheric air.
O. limosus---Different groups of crustaceans belonging to diverse taxa (Chasmagnathus granulata, a grapsid crab and Orconectes limosus, an astacid) were injected with serotonin, fluoxetine, or a mixture of both, and glycemic values (C. granulata and O. limosus) and CHH levels (O. limosus) were determined after 2 h in either submerged animals or animals exposed to atmospheric air.
C. granulata---In C. granulata blood glucose increased from 6.1 to 43.3 and 11.4 mg/100 ml in submerged animals and from 5.7 to 55.2 and 22.5 mg/100 ml in air-exposed animals after treatment with serotonin and fluoxetine, respectively.
O. limosus---In O. limosus the increases were from 1.2 to 59.7 and 135.2 mg/100 ml in submerged animals and from 2.5 to 200.3 and 193.6 mg/100 ml in air-exposed animals after treatment with serotonin and fluoxetine, respectively.
O. limosus---Serotonin and fluoxetine also caused a significant increase in the circulating levels of CHH in O. limosus, from 11.9 to 43 and 45.7 fmol/ml in submerged animals and from 13.2 to 32.6 and 45.7 fmol/ml in air-exposed animals, respectively, thus confirming their action as neuroregulators in these invertebrates.
Callosobruchus maculatus---Vicilins (7S storage globulins) of cowpea (Vigna unguiculata) seeds bind to chitinous structures of the midgut of Callosobruchus maculatus (Coleoptera: Bruchidae) larvae.
Callosobruchus maculatus---The presence of chitin in midgut structures of Callosobruchus maculatus larvae was shown by chemical and immunocytochemical methods.
C. maculatus---These results, taken together with those previously published showing that the lower rates of hydrolysis of variant vicilins from C. maculatus-resistant seeds by the insect's midgut proteinases and those showing that vicilins bind to chitin matrices, may explain the detrimental effects of variant vicilins on the development of C. maculatus larvae.
Anabaena variabilis---Ultrastructure of the fresh water cyanobacterium Anabaena variabilis SPU 003 and its application for oxygen-free hydrogen production.
Anabaena variabilis---Ultrastructure of the selected strain Anabaena variabilis SPU 003, a heterocystous cyanobacterium, has been done to understand the cell structure.
Cladonia boryi---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia clathrata---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia connexa---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia crispatula---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia furcata---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia gracilis---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia imperialis---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia miniata---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia penicillata---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia signata---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia substellata---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
Cladonia uncialis---Beta-D-glucans of the laminaran type were prepared from 15 Cladonia spp., Cladonia bellidiflora, Cladonia boryi, Cladonia clathrata, Cladonia connexa, Cladonia crispatula, Cladonia furcata, Cladonia gracilis, Cladonia ibitipocae, Cladonia imperialis, Cladonia miniata, Cladonia penicillata, Cladonia salmonea, Cladonia signata, Cladonia substellata and Cladonia uncialis.
C. uncialis---In the case of the C. uncialis product, it was subjected to methylation analysis, which gave rise to 2,4,6-tri-O-methylglucitol acetate only, corresponding to (1-->3)-linkages.
Corynebacterium glutamicum---Serine 187 is a crucial residue for allosteric regulation of Corynebacterium glutamicum 3-deoxy-D-arabino-heptulosonate-7-phosphate synthase.
Corynebacterium glutamicum---Corynebacterium glutamicum 3-deoxy-D-arabino-heptulosonate-7-phosphate (DAHP) synthase is sensitive to feedback inhibition by tyrosine.
B. cereus---The biofilm proteome of a dairy-associated Bacillus cereus strain (B. cereus 5) was investigated.
B. cereus---B. cereus 5 readily attached to the glass wool and biofilms formed within 18 h. The biofilm proteome of whole-cell proteins revealed that 10 proteins were synthesized as a result of surface attachment of which four were unique to the biofilm profile.
B. cereus---The altered proteomes indicated that changes took place in the regulation of protein expression when B. cereus 5 cells attached to surfaces.
Heteromita globosa---The predatory soil flagellate Heteromita globosa stimulates toluene biodegradation by a Pseudomonas sp.A model food chain was established to investigate the influence of grazing by flagellates on bacteria degrading toluene in batch culture.
Heteromita globosa---0.37 fmol cell(-1) h(-1)) was significantly higher in the presence of the bacterivorous flagellate Heteromita globosa (max.
Bifidobacterium infantis---A specific capillary electrophoresis (CE) technique is used to identify and quantitate Lactobacillus acidophilus in both pill and syrup health products as well as Bifidobacterium infantis in a powdered formula supplement.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---A specific capillary electrophoresis (CE) technique is used to identify and quantitate Lactobacillus acidophilus in both pill and syrup health products as well as Bifidobacterium infantis in a powdered formula supplement.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Bacteriological TechniquesBifidobacteriumDietary SupplementsElectrophoresis, CapillaryFood MicrobiologyHumansInfant FoodInfant, NewbornLactobacillus acidophilusPowdersTablets
Sclerotinia sclerotiorum---aspS encoding an unusual aspartyl protease from Sclerotinia sclerotiorum is expressed during phytopathogenesis.
Sclerotinia sclerotiorum---The gene aspS encoding an aspartyl protease has been cloned from Sclerotinia sclerotiorum by screening a genomic library with a PCR-amplified fragment of the gene.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Activity of buforin II alone and in combination with azithromycin and minocycline against Cryptosporidium parvum in cell culture.
Cryptosporidium parvum---Buforin II may be active in inhibiting Cryptosporidium parvum growth in vitro upon combination with either azithromycin or minocycline.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AnimalsAnti-Infective AgentsAzithromycinCryptosporidium parvumDrug Evaluation, PreclinicalDrug InteractionsHumansMinocyclineProteinsTumor Cells, Cultured
Oryctolagus cuniculus---Myxomatosis is a major viral disease of the European rabbit (Oryctolagus cuniculus).
C. albicans---Although a complete picture cannot yet be drawn, partial models may be proposed for the interaction of the regulatory pathways, both in the case of S. cerevisiae and in that of C. albicans.
B. stearothermophilus---This indicated that B. stearothermophilus is an adequate strain to validate a heat sterilization method on chitosan preparations, and accordingly this strain was used to assess the sterility of chitosan solution following a 10 min autoclaving time.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Anti-Bacterial AgentsAnti-Infective AgentsBiocompatible MaterialsCandida albicansChitinChitosanChromatography, GelElasticityEscherichia coliFiltrationGelsGeobacillus stearothermophilusHot TemperatureMaterials TestingMicrobial Sensitivity TestsMolecular WeightSolutionsStaphylococcus aureusSterilizationStress, MechanicalTime FactorsViscosityWaterWeight-Bearing
Aplysia californica---To investigate how neuron-immunocyte interactions might influence regeneration, we developed an in vitro model whereby neurons and hemocytes from Aplysia californica were cocultured.
Lymnaea stagnalis---Electrical correlates of differential appetitive classical conditioning were recorded in the neural network that underlies feeding in the snail Lymnaea stagnalis.
Necturus maculosus---AnimalsCaffeineCalciumElectrophysiologyGanglia, ParasympatheticIon TransportLarge-Conductance Calcium-Activated Potassium ChannelsNecturus maculosusNeuronsPatch-Clamp TechniquesPotassiumPotassium Channel BlockersPotassium ChannelsPotassium Channels, Calcium-ActivatedTetraethylammonium
Luzula sylvatica---Comparison of gas exchange and bioassay determinations of the ammonia compensation point in Luzula sylvatica (Huds.
Luzula sylvatica---Determinations of the NH(3) compensation point for the understory plant of semi-natural woodlands Luzula sylvatica (Huds.
L. sylvatica---It is also shown that the foliar apoplast of L. sylvatica is sufficiently buffered to eliminate the need for correction of H(+) concentration for dilution during extraction, but that it is necessary to correct the NH(4)(+) concentration of apoplast extracts for dilution.
Triticum aestivum---There is considerable variability among wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) cultivars in their ability to grow and yield well in soils that contain very low levels of available Zn.
Nicotiana tabacum---We have previously shown that SA increases the binding of tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum cv Xanthi nc) nuclear factors to the as-1 sequence in a process mediated by protein phosphorylation.
Phaseolus lunatus---Alamethicin (ALA), a voltage-gated, ion channel-forming peptide mixture from Trichoderma viride, is a potent elicitor of the biosynthesis of volatile compounds in lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus).
Triticum aestivum---We have previously shown that the wheat (Triticum aestivum) TaADF gene expression level is correlated with the plants capacity to tolerate freezing.
Nicotiana tabacum---In this study, we investigated the role of benzoic acid (BA) as precursor of SA biosynthesis in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum cv Samsun NN) plants undergoing a hypersensitive response following infection with tobacco mosaic virus or in tobacco cell suspensions elicited with beta-megaspermin, an elicitor from Phytophthora megasperma.
Laminaria digitata---Oligoguluronates elicit an oxidative burst in the brown algal kelp Laminaria digitata.
Laminaria digitata---Oligomeric degradation products of alginate elicited a respiratory and oxidative burst in the sporophytes of the kelp Laminaria digitata.
L. digitata---Pharmacological dissection of the early events preceding the emission of AOS indicated that the transduction chain of oligoguluronate signals in L. digitata is likely to feature protein kinases, phospholipase A(2), as well as K(+), Ca(2+), and anion channels.
Nicotiana tabacum---Targeted expression of mammalian biliverdin IXalpha reductase (BVR), an enzyme that metabolically inactivates linear tetrapyrrole precursors of the phytochrome chromophore, was used to examine the physiological functions of phytochromes in the qualitative short-day tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum cv Maryland Mammoth) plant.
Nicotiana tabacum---We have re-examined the ultrastructure of columella cells in tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum) root tips preserved by high-pressure freezing/freeze-substitution techniques to gain more precise information about the organization of the ER in such cells.
Holcus lanatus---Freezing of barley (Hordeum vulgare), Hordeum murinum, and Holcus lanatus was studied using infrared video thermography.
H. lanatus---In the field, ice could enter H. lanatus leaves through hydathodes.
H. lanatus---Similar results were obtained in the field with H. lanatus.
Catharanthus roseus---The terminal steps in the biosynthesis of the monoterpenoid indole alkaloids vindoline and minovincinine are catalyzed by separate acetyl coenzyme A-dependent O-acetyltransferases in Madagascar periwinkle (Catharanthus roseus G. Don).
S. anulatus---Production of reactive oxygen species (ROS) was significantly increased only by the highest dose of S. anulatus spores grown on glycerol-arginine agar.
S. anulatus---Altogether, our results suggest that the growth medium of S. anulatus has a fundamental role in the ability of the spores to induce inflammatory responses and cytotoxicity in mammalian cells.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---The proteolytic activities of two natural isolates of thermophilic lactobacilli, Lactobacillus acidophilus BGRA43 and Lact.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Bacterial ProteinsCaseinsCell WallEndopeptidasesHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationHydrolysisIonsLactobacillusLactobacillus acidophilusNucleic Acid HybridizationPolymerase Chain ReactionSerine EndopeptidasesSerine Proteinase InhibitorsTemperature
B. thuringiensis serovars---This includes 80 B. thuringiensis serovars and five more strains, kurstaki HD-1, subtoxicus, dendrolimus, tenebrionis and sandiego, to assess not only interserovar DNA relatedness but also intraserovar DNA relatedness, and the non-motile strain, hence non-serotypeable, B. thuringiensis var.
B. thuringiensis var---This includes 80 B. thuringiensis serovars and five more strains, kurstaki HD-1, subtoxicus, dendrolimus, tenebrionis and sandiego, to assess not only interserovar DNA relatedness but also intraserovar DNA relatedness, and the non-motile strain, hence non-serotypeable, B. thuringiensis var.
B. thuringiensis---All 86 B. thuringiensis strains tested showed distinct ribotypes.
B. thuringiensis---CONCLUSION: 16S rRNA gene fingerprinting cannot only be used for the classification of B. thuringiensis strains amenable or not to serotyping, but can also reveal phylogenetic relationships between strains.
B. thuringiensis---SIGNIFICANCE AND IMPACT OF THE STUDY: In future screening programmes, 16S rRNA gene restriction pattern analysis could be determined for novel B. thuringiensis strains, allowing them not only to be grouped but also to be positioned on the phylogenetic tree.
B. cereus---These were subsequently challenged with a B. cereus spore cocktail over a range of abuse temperatures.
T. ethanolicus---One OTU, which is potentially responsible for autotrophic Fe (III) reduction, was only about 95% similar to T. ethanolicus and may represent a new species.
Calliandra calothyrsus---AIMS: To determine the effect of condensed tannins in Calliandra calothyrsus (calliandra) on rumen microbial function.
Lactococcus lactis---AldehydesAmino AcidsAnimalsCacaoCarboxy-LyasesCattleCell ExtractsKeto AcidsLactococcus lactisLeucineMilkMilk ProteinsTasteTransaminases
Bifidobacterium longum---Intestinal transit of an orally administered streptomycin-rifampicin-resistant variant of Bifidobacterium longum SBT2928: its long-term survival and effect on the intestinal microflora and metabolism.
Bifidobacterium longum---AIMS: The objectives of this study are to investigate the fate of a streptomycin-rifampicin-resistant variant of Bifidobacterium longum SBT2928 (BL2928SR) and the influence of its oral administration on the composition and metabolism of the intestinal microflora.
Nocardia brasiliensis---Of the several hundred cases seen each year in the United States, the majority are caused by Sporothrix schenckii, Nocardia brasiliensis, Mycobacterium marinum or Leishmania brasiliensis.
Aphelocoma coerulescens---Scrub jays (Aphelocoma coerulescens) form integrated memories of the multiple features of caching episodes.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAdolescentAdultAggressive PeriodontitisAntibodies, MonoclonalAntigens, CD19Antigens, CD3BiopsyChildFemaleHumansImmunohistochemistryMaleMiddle AgedNeutrophil InfiltrationPeriodontitisPorphyromonas gingivalisReceptors, Antigen, T-Cell, alpha-betaStatistics, NonparametricT-Lymphocyte Subsets
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAdolescentAdultAggressive PeriodontitisCase-Control StudiesChemotaxis, LeukocyteDental PlaqueDental Plaque IndexFemaleGingival Crevicular FluidHumansMaleMiddle AgedN-Formylmethionine Leucyl-PhenylalanineNeutrophilsPeriodontitisStatistics, Nonparametric
T. thermophilus---In order to investigate the metal-binding properties of this T. thermophilus TthL36 protein, the core 26-mer polypeptide containing this CCCH motif was prepared by solid-phase peptide synthesis methods using Fmoc chemistry, purified by preparative RP-HPLC and characterized by circular dichroism, high-performance capillary zone electrophoresis and electrospray ionization mass spectrometry.
M. kansasii---The organisms that are most commonly encountered in clinical practice, Mycobacterium avium, M. intracellulare, M. kansasii, M. fortuitum, M. abscessus, and M. chelonae, are frequently found in water sources and soil.
P. carinii---Historically, patients at highest risk for P. carinii pneumonia are included infants with severe malnutrition, children with primary immunodeficiencies, patients with hematological malignancies, and recipients of solid organ or bone marrow transplants.
P. carinii---Recently, solid tumor patients, in particular those receiving high-dose corticosteroids for brain neoplasms, and patients with inflammatory or collagen-vascular disorders, especially patients with Wegener granulomatosis receiving immunosuppressive therapy, have been identified as subgroups at increased risk for P. carinii pneumonia.
P. carinii---Other factors associated with P. carinii pneumonia include the intensity of the immunosuppressive regimen and tapering doses of corticosteroids.
P. carinii---Because P. carinii pneumonia is associated with significant morbidity and mortality, it is important to identify high-risk patient populations to administer effective chemoprophylactic agents, such as trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
Mycosphaerella graminicola transformants---Exploring infection of wheat and carbohydrate metabolism in Mycosphaerella graminicola transformants with differentially regulated green fluorescent protein expression.
Mycosphaerella graminicola---A Mycosphaerella graminicola strain transformed with the green fluorescent protein (GFP) downstream of either a carbon source-repressed promoter or a constitutive promoter was used to investigate in situ carbohydrate uptake during penetration of the fungus in wheat leaves.
A. nidulans---A striking decrease in hyphal proliferation was observed when conidia of A. nidulans, a genetically well-characterized nonpathogenic species, were treated with RIP1 protein.
A. flavus---RIP1 treatment of conidia from the maize pathogen A. flavus resulted in increased hyphal branching.
A. flavus---These results indicate that both fungi were affected by RIP1 treatment, but the lysis seen with treatment of A. nidulans was apparently avoided by A. flavus.
A. nidulans---These results indicate that both fungi were affected by RIP1 treatment, but the lysis seen with treatment of A. nidulans was apparently avoided by A. flavus.
L. japonicus---R. etli developed into bacteroids in the L. japonicus nodules, although the density of bacteroids in the infected cells was lower than that in the nodules formed with M. loti.
L. japonicus---Thus, L. japonicus started and then ceased a symbiotic relationship with R. etli at the final stage.
Catharanthus roseus---Catharanthus roseus genes regulated differentially by mollicute infections.
Phytoplasma aurantifolia---A differential display of mRNAs was used to isolate periwinkle cDNAs differentially expressed following infection with one of three mollicutes: Spiroplasma citri, Candidatus Phytoplasma aurantifolia, and stolbur phytoplasma.
Arabidopsis thaliana---tomato (Pst) DC3000 to cause disease in susceptible tomato and Arabidopsis thaliana plants and to elicit the hypersensitive response in resistant plants.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Immunogold labeling of bacteria-infected Arabidopsis thaliana leaf tissue with an Hrp pilus antibody revealed a characteristic lineup of gold particles around bacteria and/or at the bacterium-plant contact site.
Lactobacillus johnsonii---OBJECTIVE: The supernatant of Lactobacillus johnsonii La1 culture was shown to be bactericidal and to have a partial, acid-independent suppressive effect on Helicobacter pylori in humans.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---AnimalsAnti-Bacterial AgentsBreath TestsClarithromycinDouble-Blind MethodFemaleGastritisHelicobacter InfectionsHelicobacter pyloriHumansLactobacillus acidophilusMaleMilkPyloric Antrum
C. albicans---Among C. albicans isolates, resistance was rare, with no evidence for progressive reduction in susceptibility over time.
C. albicans---This evolution and section of mucosa-colonizing Candida species with reduced susceptibility could play a critical early role in the development of antifungal resistance among C. albicans isolates responsible for refractory candidiasis.
Fusarium culmorum---Zearalenone (ZEA) is a nonsteroidal estrogenic compound mainly produced by the molds Fusarium graminearium and Fusarium culmorum found in a variety of host plants and soil debris around the world.
Fusarium graminearium---Zearalenone (ZEA) is a nonsteroidal estrogenic compound mainly produced by the molds Fusarium graminearium and Fusarium culmorum found in a variety of host plants and soil debris around the world.
Cicuta maculata---Bioassay caused death in mice which demonstrated clinical signs similar to water hemlock (Cicuta maculata) poisonings.
Ateleia glazioviana---Field observations of Ateleia glazioviana poisoning in cattle in Southern Brazil.
Ateleia glazioviana---Ateleia glazioviana is an important poisonous plant from southern Brazil.
A. glazioviana---The epidemiological, clinical, gross and histopathological features of A. glazioviana poisoning in cattle are described here from a 5-year field survey in southern Brazil.
A. glazioviana---A. glazioviana poisoning in cattle induces 3 clinical presentations: abortions, disease characterized by lethargy, and cardiac failure.
Cavia porcellus---Pericardial effusion and pericardiocentesis in a guinea pig (Cavia porcellus).
Cavia porcellus---A three-year-old, female guinea pig (Cavia porcellus) presented for acute dyspnea and weakness.
Lactobacillus brevis---Batches of ogi were produced from maize flour slurry, dehulled maize grains and whole maize grains using Saccharomyces cerevisiae and Lactobacillus brevis as starter cultures.
Lactobacillus brevis---Lactobacillus brevis contributed most to the taste of ogi.
Neosartorya fischeri---Growth of three strains of heat-resistant fungi, Byssochlamys fulva, Neosartorya fischeri and Talaromyces avellaneus, was studied at 25 degrees C at eight or nine water activities (a(w)) adjusted with sucrose between 0.995 and 0.85.
Lactobacillus plantarum---Membrane damage and enzyme inactivation of Lactobacillus plantarum by high pressure CO2 treatment.
Lactobacillus plantarum---Physiological changes of Lactobacillus plantarum (KFRI 815) by high pressure CO2 treatment were investigated to examine the relevance to microbial inactivation.
L. plantarum---L. plantarum cells after CO2 treatment also exhibited reduced glycolytic activity and inactivation of some constituent enzymes.
B. subtilis---High resolution solid-state nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy (NMR) in combination with transmission electron microscopy (TEM) of spores of Bacillus cereus, an outer coatless mutant B. subtilis 322, an inner coatless mutant B. subtilis 325 and of germinated spores of B. subtilis CMCC 604 were carried out.
B. cereus---Dipicolinic acid (DPA) of spores of B. cereus displayed a high degree of solid state order and may be crystalline.
B. subtilis---Heat activation was studied on spores of B. subtilis 357 lux + and revealed a structural change when analysed by TEM but this was not associated with increases in molecular mobility since no effects were measured by NMR.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---BiometryClostridiumFood MicrobiologyGeobacillus stearothermophilusHot TemperatureHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationModels, BiologicalSafetySpores, Bacterial
Lactobacillus curvatus---Development and validation of a combined temperature, water activity, pH model for bacterial growth rate of Lactobacillus curvatus.
Lactobacillus reuteri---Flow cytometry was investigated as a rapid method to determine the antibacterial effect of the bacteriocins nisin, pediocin PA-1, and sakacin A on the indicator organisms Lactobacillus reuteri DSM 12246, Lactobacillus sakei NCFB 2714 and Lactobacillus sakei DSM 20017, respectively.
Bifidobacterium lactis---Potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria Lactobacillus rhamnosus (HN001), Lactobacillus acidophilus (HN017) and Bifidobacterium lactis (HN019) do not degrade gastric mucin in vitro.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria Lactobacillus rhamnosus (HN001), Lactobacillus acidophilus (HN017) and Bifidobacterium lactis (HN019) do not degrade gastric mucin in vitro.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus---Potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria Lactobacillus rhamnosus (HN001), Lactobacillus acidophilus (HN017) and Bifidobacterium lactis (HN019) do not degrade gastric mucin in vitro.
Bifidobacterium lactis---In the present study, the ability of three potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB) strains (Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001, Lactobacillus acidophilus HN017, Bifidobacterium lactis HN019) to degrade mucin in vitro was evaluated, in order to assess their potential pathogenicity and local toxicity.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---In the present study, the ability of three potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB) strains (Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001, Lactobacillus acidophilus HN017, Bifidobacterium lactis HN019) to degrade mucin in vitro was evaluated, in order to assess their potential pathogenicity and local toxicity.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus---In the present study, the ability of three potential probiotic lactic acid bacteria (LAB) strains (Lactobacillus rhamnosus HN001, Lactobacillus acidophilus HN017, Bifidobacterium lactis HN019) to degrade mucin in vitro was evaluated, in order to assess their potential pathogenicity and local toxicity.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---AnaerobiosisBifidobacteriumCarbohydratesColony Count, MicrobialCulture MediaElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelGastric MucinsLactobacillusLactobacillus acidophilusMolecular WeightProbioticsProteinsTemperatureTime Factors
L. innocua---Out of European red-smear cheese samples of various types, 15.8% contained organisms of the genus Listeria, 6.4% of the samples were contaminated with L. monocytogenes, 10.6% with L. innocua, and 1.2% with L. seeligeri.
Lactococcus lactis subsp---Inhibitors of Lactococcus lactis subsp.
Lactococcus lactis---In order to monitor nisin-producing strains during cheese manufacturing, the 12 Lactococcus lactis nis+ strains were analysed by low frequency restriction fragment and PFGE.
Lactococcus lactis---BacteriocinsCheeseChromosome BandingDairy ProductsElectrophoresis, Gel, Pulsed-FieldGene AmplificationLactococcus lactisNisinPolymerase Chain ReactionRNA, Ribosomal, 16SRNA, Ribosomal, 23S
B. cereus---The effect of calcium and sodium lactates on growth from spores of Bacillus cereus and Clostridium perfringens at three different concentrations (0, 1.5 and 3% w/w) and at different temperatures (10, 15 and 20 degrees C for B. cereus and 15, 20 and 25 degrees C for C. perfringens) was investigated, using beef goulash as a model system for pasteurised vacuum-packaged convenience foods.
B. cereus---No B. cereus growth was observed at 10 degrees C, but after 7 days at an incubation temperature of 15 degrees C, cell number increased by 1 log cfu/g in the control samples.
B. cereus---Calcium lactate was more inhibitory than sodium lactate as the growth of B. cereus was inhibited at 1.5 and 3% concentrations at 20 degrees C, respectively.
Lactobacillus delbrueckii---Heat resistance of Bacillus cereus, Salmonella typhimurium and Lactobacillus delbrueckii in relation to pH and ethanol.
Lactobacillus delbrueckii---The bacteria chosen are representative of heat resistant and heat sensitive pathogens (Bacillus cereus and Salmonella typhimurium) and of relatively heat resistant spoilage microorganisms (Lactobacillus delbrueckii).
B. cereus---The chosen bacteria were treated at different temperatures ranging between 70 and 97 degrees C for B. cereus, 48 and 54 degrees C for S. typhimurium and 44 and 60 degrees C for L. delbrueckii, in media of different pH (3, 5 and 7) and ethanol content (0, 2.5, 5, 7.5 and 10%).
B. cereus---For B. cereus the regression analysis of the log10 of the D value in relation to temperature, pH and ethanol content was used to produce a second order polynomial equation.
Lactobacillus plantarum---These strains were also examined for their carbohydrate fermentation patterns by use of API 50 CH. Isolates belonging to the Lactobacillus plantarum group were shown to be the predominant members of the LAB flora.
Lactobacillus brevis---In addition, isolates belonging to the Lactobacillus brevis group, Leuconostoc mesenteroides, Lactobacillus mali, Lactobacilus fermentum and an unidentified Lactobacillus sp. were also observed.
Lactobacilus fermentum---In addition, isolates belonging to the Lactobacillus brevis group, Leuconostoc mesenteroides, Lactobacillus mali, Lactobacilus fermentum and an unidentified Lactobacillus sp. were also observed.
A. hydrophila---Isolates identified as A. hydrophila and A. sobria showed potentially virulent properties.
A. sobria---Isolates identified as A. hydrophila and A. sobria showed potentially virulent properties.
Ceriodaphnia dubia---Laboratory, 10-day survival/impairment sediments tests with Daphnia magna and Chironomus tentans and 48-h water column bioassays with Ceriodaphnia dubia indicated environmental stress to a lesser degree.
P. pectinatus---P. pectinatus plants were exposed to chlorsulfuron at 0, 0.25, 0.50, 1.0, or 2.0 ppb, in an environmental growth chamber.
Synechococcus elongatus---Equal-quantum action spectra indicate fluence-rate-selective action of multiple photoreceptors for photomovement of the thermophilic cyanobacterium Synechococcus elongatus.
Synechococcus elongatus---Unicellular thermophilic cyanobacterium Synechococcus elongatus displayed phototaxis on agar plate at 55 degrees C. Equal-quantum action spectra for phototactic migration were determined at various fluence rates using the Okazaki Large Spectrograph as the light source.
Callorhinus ursinus---Silver in the three species of pinnipeds [northern fur seal (Callorhinus ursinus), Steller sea lion (Eumetopias jubatus), and harbor seal (Phoca vitulina)] caught in the North Pacific Ocean were analyzed using inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry, in order to understand accumulation and distribution of silver in pinnipeds.
Eumetopias jubatus---Silver in the three species of pinnipeds [northern fur seal (Callorhinus ursinus), Steller sea lion (Eumetopias jubatus), and harbor seal (Phoca vitulina)] caught in the North Pacific Ocean were analyzed using inductively coupled plasma-mass spectrometry, in order to understand accumulation and distribution of silver in pinnipeds.
Sotalia fluviatilis---Whistles of boto, Inia geoffrensis, and tucuxi, Sotalia fluviatilis.
Artibeus jamaicensis---Sound localization in a new-world frugivorous bat, Artibeus jamaicensis: acuity, use of binaural cues, and relationship to vision.
Artibeus jamaicensis---Passive sound-localization acuity and its relationship to vision were determined for the echolocating Jamaican fruit bat (Artibeus jamaicensis).
Coprinus comatus---The spectrum of biological activities of panaxagin encompassed ribonuclease activity toward yeast transfer RNA, translation-inhibitory activity in a rabbit reticulocyte lysate system, and antifungal activity against fungi including Coprinus comatus and Fusarium oxysporum, but not against Rhizoctonia solani.
Fusarium oxysporum---The spectrum of biological activities of panaxagin encompassed ribonuclease activity toward yeast transfer RNA, translation-inhibitory activity in a rabbit reticulocyte lysate system, and antifungal activity against fungi including Coprinus comatus and Fusarium oxysporum, but not against Rhizoctonia solani.
L. amazonensis---The biogenesis of megasomes was investigated by transmission electron microscopy during the transformation of promastigotes into the amastigote form of L. amazonensis maintained in axenic cultures.
L. amazonensis---A three-dimensional reconstruction of lesion-derived amastigotes and axenic amastigotes of L. amazonensis demonstrated that megasomes comprise almost 5% of the total cell volume.
Echinococcus granulosus---Pharmacokinetics of netobimin and microsomal metabolism of albendazole in infected gerbils with Echinococcus granulosus.
Echinooccus granulosus---The infection was developed after peritoneal inoculation of protoscolices of Echinooccus granulosus from sheep.
Cylicocyclus nassatus---Here, we describe several full-length beta-tubulin coding sequences of two major small strongyle species, namely Cylicocyclus nassatus and Cyathostomum coronatum.
Angiostrongylus cantonensis---The assay did not cross-react with heterologous antigens of Angiostrongylus cantonensis, Ascaris suum, Cysticercus cellulosae, Fasciolopsis buski, Gnathostoma hispidum and Trichuris suis.
Gnathostoma hispidum---The assay did not cross-react with heterologous antigens of Angiostrongylus cantonensis, Ascaris suum, Cysticercus cellulosae, Fasciolopsis buski, Gnathostoma hispidum and Trichuris suis.
Amblyomma limbatum---This paper considers the prevalence of natural infections of the protozoan Hemolivia mariae, in its hosts the Australian sleepy lizard, Tiliqua rugosa, and the ixodid tick species, Amblyomma limbatum.
Tiliqua rugosa---This paper considers the prevalence of natural infections of the protozoan Hemolivia mariae, in its hosts the Australian sleepy lizard, Tiliqua rugosa, and the ixodid tick species, Amblyomma limbatum.
Cystophora cristata---Among the four seal species investigated, TCPM and TCPMe levels were the highest in grey (Halichoerus grypus) and hooded (Cystophora cristata) seals, and lowest in harp seals (Phoca groenlandica).
Monodonta turbinata---The concentrations of Cd, Cr, Cu, Pb and Zn were measured in specimens of four marine organisms--the seagrass Posidonia oceanica (L.) Delile, the brown algae Padina pavonica (L.) Thivy, and the two gastropod molluscs Monodonta turbinata Born and Patella caerulea L.--selected as possible cosmopolitan biomonitors of trace metals in the Mediterranean area.
Raphanus sativus---To determine if ozone (O3) and root zone temperature (RZT) affect plant biomass allocation and photosynthesis, radish (Raphanus sativus) plants were grown in controlled environment laboratory chambers in one of four treatments: episodic O3 (average delivery 0.063 mumol mol-1) with RZT at 13 degrees C, episodic O3 (same delivery) with RZT at 18 degrees C, charcoal-filtered air with RZT at 13 degrees C and charcoal-filtered air with RZT at 18 degrees C. O3 reduced total biomass and shoot biomass of radish at 13 degrees C RZT but had no effect at 18 degrees C RZT.
Photobacterium phosphoreum---Acute toxicity tests on Daphnia magna and Photobacterium phosphoreum were carried out and EC50 values in the range of 0.1-1 mg/l were obtained for the two series of cationic surfactants.
Hyalella azteca---Quantification of bioavailable nickel in sediments and toxic thresholds to Hyalella azteca.
Hyalella azteca---Bioaccumulation and chronic toxicity of nickel (Ni) to Hyalella azteca in Ni-spiked sediments was strongly affected by the source of sediment used.
Phaeodactylum tricornutum---Only Se(IV) uptake in the diatom Phaeodactylum tricornutum was not correlated with cell growth rate.
Chlorella autotrophica---Se(IV) was not accumulated by the green algae Chlorella autotrophica at a high P concentration (7.2 microM), but appreciable accumulation was documented in cells inoculated without P addition.
Asellus racovitzai---Cadmium accumulation in the freshwater isopod Asellus racovitzai: the relative importance of solute and particulate sources at trace concentrations.
Asellus racovitzai---A stable isotope tracer technique was used to evaluate the relative importance of particulates and water as respective sources of cadmium (Cd) uptake in the freshwater isopod Asellus racovitzai (Isopoda, Crustacea).
A. racovitzai---This study shows that water is an important vector of Cd accumulation in A. racovitzai, and factors that lower Cd concentrations in solution (such as increased organic content of sediment), decrease Cd bioaccumulation.
Acer pseudoplatanus---The most to least symptomatic species grown within open-plots in this study rank as Prunus serotina, Salix viminalis, Vibrnum lantana, Rhamnus cathartica, Betula pendula, Rumex obtusifolius, Sambucus racemosa, Morus nigra, Prunus avium, Fraxinus excelsior, Rhamnus frangula, Alnus viridis, Fagus sylvatica and Acer pseudoplatanus.
Sambucus racemosa---The most to least symptomatic species grown within open-plots in this study rank as Prunus serotina, Salix viminalis, Vibrnum lantana, Rhamnus cathartica, Betula pendula, Rumex obtusifolius, Sambucus racemosa, Morus nigra, Prunus avium, Fraxinus excelsior, Rhamnus frangula, Alnus viridis, Fagus sylvatica and Acer pseudoplatanus.
Crepis paludosa---) Coville, Cardamine amara L., Epilobium angustifolium L., Geranium palustre L., Lysimachia vulgaris L., Crepis paludosa L.
Epilobium angustifolium---) Coville, Cardamine amara L., Epilobium angustifolium L., Geranium palustre L., Lysimachia vulgaris L., Crepis paludosa L.
C. albicans---was found at the curetting material, confirmed by detection of C. albicans infection on mycological culture.
M. trapezius---The Musculus splenius and the M. trapezius were well-developed in the polar bear.
Cryptosporidium parvum---An enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay system using oocyst lysate as antigen was used to detect serum- specific antibody responses to Cryptosporidium parvum between 1989 and 1994 in consecutive sera obtained at birth, and at the age of 6, 12, and 23 months, from 52 infants living in a Bedouin town located in the south of Israel.
Cryptosporidium parvum---AdultAge DistributionAnimalsAntibodies, ProtozoanArabsCryptosporidiosisCryptosporidium parvumEnzyme-Linked Immunosorbent AssayFecesFemaleFluorescent Antibody Technique, IndirectFollow-Up StudiesHumansImmunoglobulin AImmunoglobulin GImmunoglobulin MInfantInfant, NewbornIsraelMaleMorbiditySensitivity and Specificity
Dunaliella tertiolecta---Unicellular marine alga, Dunaliella tertiolecta (Chlorophyceae) of micrometer size and flexible cell envelope was used as a model cell and 0.1 M NaCl as supporting electrolyte.
Partula taeniata---Analysis of a mitochondrial gene from Partula taeniata (Mrch) shows a similar pattern.
Aptenodytes patagonicus---Using oesophageal temperature, we present here a new method for detecting the timing of prey ingestion in free-ranging sea birds, and, to our knowledge, report the first data obtained on king penguins (Aptenodytes patagonicus).
Gallus gallus domesticus---In the first experiment, we offered predators (Gallus gallus domesticus) a choice between conspicuous crumbs and cryptic crumbs in the presence or absence of pyrazine.
Gallus gallus domesticus---Indirect partner choice through manipulation of male behaviour by female fowl, Gallus gallus domesticus.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Using multiplex polymerase chain reaction (PCR), all plaque samples from those 44 subjects were analyzed for the presence of Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Bacteroides forsythus, and Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus InfectionsActinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAdultAgedAnalysis of VarianceBacteroidaceae InfectionsBacteroidesBacteroides InfectionsChi-Square DistributionDental PlaqueFemaleForecastingHumansLikelihood FunctionsLongitudinal StudiesMaleMiddle AgedOdds RatioPeriodontal Attachment LossPeriodontitisPorphyromonas gingivalisPrevalenceProspective StudiesRisk Factors
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Microbiological testing showed the presence of known periodontal pathogens including Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Prevotella intermedia, and Porphyromonas gingivalis.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitansAdolescentAggressive PeriodontitisAmoxicillinAnti-Bacterial AgentsCombined Modality TherapyDental ScalingDisease ProgressionFemaleFollow-Up StudiesFurcation DefectsHumansMetronidazolePatient Care TeamPenicillinsPeriodontal Attachment LossPeriodontal PocketPorphyromonas gingivalisPrevotella intermediaRoot Canal TherapyRoot PlaningTooth RootTreatment Outcome
B. fragilis---The rates of positive blood culture for B. fragilis and E. faecalis were signficantly lower after laparoscopy than after laparotomy, both in the overall group (p = 0.025 and p = 0.045, respectively) and when duration of peritonitis exceeded 3 h (p = 0.001 and p = 0.044, respectively).
B. fragilis---CONCLUSIONS: In this animal model of secondary peritonitis, lavage by laparoscopy was associated with less bacteremia for B. fragilis and E. faecalis than peritoneal lavage by laparotomy.
Triticum aestivum---[Purification and biochemical characterization of high-molecular-weight-glutenin subunits 14 and 15]The high molecular weight glutenin subunits 14 and 15 were purified from cultivars of bread wheat (Triticum aestivum) Xiaoyan 6 by preparative sodium dodecyl sulfate polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis (SDS-PAGE) appled a new method for visualizing protein in gels.
H. villosa---One LV 02 with varied H. villosa 6V chromosome and one LV 02-01 with 40 T. aestivum chromosome, one H. villosa 6V and 6VS chromosome were screened in BC1F1 and BC1F2 respectively by C-banding and the fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH).
T. aestivum---One LV 02 with varied H. villosa 6V chromosome and one LV 02-01 with 40 T. aestivum chromosome, one H. villosa 6V and 6VS chromosome were screened in BC1F1 and BC1F2 respectively by C-banding and the fluorescence in situ hybridization (FISH).
Molluscum contagiosum---Molluscum contagiosum virus expresses late genes in primary human fibroblasts but does not produce infectious progeny.
Molluscum contagiosum---Molluscum contagiosum virus (MCV), a member of the family Poxviridae, can be isolated from skin-lesion material of patients with molluscum contagiosum infection.
Molluscum contagiosum---AnimalsCell LineCells, CulturedCytopathogenic Effect, ViralFibroblastsGene ExpressionHumansMolluscum ContagiosumMolluscum contagiosum virusRNA, MessengerReverse Transcriptase Polymerase Chain ReactionTranscription, GeneticViral ProteinsVirus Replication
Nicotiana tabacum---In the present study, the expression of Puumala virus nucleocapsid protein in tobacco and potato plants (Nicotiana tabacum and Solanum tuberosum) and its immunogenicity was investigated.
Nicotiana tabacum---The immunogenicity of the Puumala virus nucleocapsid protein expressed in Nicotiana tabacum and Solanum tuberosum was investigated in New Zealand white rabbits.
Anticarsia gemmatalis nucleopolyhedrovirus---Characterization of the ecdysteroid UDP-glucosyltransferase (egt) gene of Anticarsia gemmatalis nucleopolyhedrovirus.
Anticarsia gemmatalis nucelopolyhedrovirus---The Anticarsia gemmatalis nucelopolyhedrovirus (AgMNPV) egt gene was cloned, sequenced and its expression characterized by RT-PCR and western blot analysis.
Choristoneura fumiferana---Homology comparisons showed that the EGT protein of AgMNPV is most closely related (95.9% amino acid sequence identity) to the EGT from the Choristoneura fumiferana DEF nucleopolyhedrovirus (CfDEF).
Autographa californica---It is the first BDBP identified in single nucleocapsid NPVs and a homologue of Autographa californica MNPV (AcMNPV) P6.9.
Panicum virgatum---This paper describes the fibre morphology of switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.) and its pulping characteristics using sodium hydroxide and a combination of sodium hydroxide and sodium sulphite as the cooking agents.
C. tropicalis---A maximal ethanol concentration of 27, 23, 21 g/l (w/v) from 200 g/l (w/v) dry corn cobs was obtained by S. cerevisiae, C. tropicalis and the co-culture, respectively, after 96 h of fermentation.
C. tropicalis---Maximal xylitol concentration of 21, 20 and 15 g/l from 200 g/l (w/v) dry corn cobs was obtained by C. tropicalis, co-culture, and S. cerevisiae, respectively.
C. tropicalis---S. cerevisiae and C. tropicalis resulted in better product yields (0.42 and 0.36 g/g) for ethanol and (0.52 and 0.71 g/g) for xylitol, respectively, whereas, the co-culture showed moderate level of ethanol (0.32 g/g) and almost maximal levels of xylitol (0.69 g/g).
Agaricus bisporus---Adapting substrate formulas used for shiitake for production of brown Agaricus bisporus.
Agaricus bisporus---A pasteurized, non-composted substrate (basal mixture) consisting of oak sawdust (28%), millet (29%), rye (8%), peat (8%), alfalfa meal (4%), soybean flour (4%), wheat bran (9%), and CaCO3 (10%) was adapted from shiitake culture to produce the common cultivated mushroom (brown; portabello), Agaricus bisporus.
Polyporus sanguineus---The present paper reports its production by some white rot fungi; Daedalea flavida, Phlebia brevispora, Phlebia radiata and Polyporus sanguineus under different nutritional conditions.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---Antibody isotypes to a Paracoccidioides brasiliensis somatic antigen in sub-acute and chronic form paracoccidioidomycosis.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---This report describes the differences in isotype antibody reactivity against a crude Paracoccidioides brasiliensis antigenic preparation in the sub-acute (SAF) and chronic (CF) forms of paracoccidioidomycosis before treatment.
B. adolescentis---Bifidobacterium longum, B. adolescentis and B. angulatum comprised the dominant bifidobacterial populations throughout the experiment.
B. angulatum---Bifidobacterium longum, B. adolescentis and B. angulatum comprised the dominant bifidobacterial populations throughout the experiment.
Bifidobacterium longum---Bifidobacterium longum, B. adolescentis and B. angulatum comprised the dominant bifidobacterial populations throughout the experiment.
P. carinii---This report describes the typing of P. carinii organisms obtained from an HIV-negative patient without PCP.
P. carinii---However, a low level of P. carinii organisms undetectable by microscopy was detected in BAL fluid by two subsequent nested PCR assays: one assay amplifying a portion of the mitochondrial large subunit RNA gene and a second one amplifying the internal transcribed spacers (ITS) 1 and ITS 2 of the nuclear rRNA operon.
P. carinii---This information constitutes the first data concerning P. carinii ITS genotype from a patient without acute PCP and HIV.
P. carinii---These results show that PCR and ITS genotyping could represent efficient tools for the further investigation of the role played by HIV-negative patients with pulmonary colonisation in the human reservoir of P. carinii.
Platynota idaeusalis---Purification and characterization of a phosphoric triester hydrolase from the tufted apple bud moth, Platynota idaeusalis (Walker).
Azospirillum lipoferum---Its closest phylogenetic neighbours, as deduced by 16S rDNA-based analysis, are Azospirillum lipoferum, Azospirillum largimobile and Azospirillum brasilense with 96.6, 96.6 and 95.9% sequence similarity, respectively.
A. lipoferum---They differ from A. largimobile and A. lipoferum by their inability to use N-acetylglucosamine and D-ribose, from A. lipoferum by their ability to grow without biotin supplementation and from A. brasilense by their growth with D-mannitol and D-sorbitol as sole carbon sources.
Asticcacaulis biprosthecium---The morphological differences seen between the two species Asticcacaulis excentricus and Asticcacaulis biprosthecium are mirrored by the observed 16S rDNA sequence similarity value of 95.3%, which is relatively low compared to the interspecies similarity values observed within the genera Brevundimonas or Caulobacter.
Asticcacaulis excentricus---The morphological differences seen between the two species Asticcacaulis excentricus and Asticcacaulis biprosthecium are mirrored by the observed 16S rDNA sequence similarity value of 95.3%, which is relatively low compared to the interspecies similarity values observed within the genera Brevundimonas or Caulobacter.
Clostridium hiranonis---Clostridium hiranonis sp. nov., a human intestinal bacterium with bile acid 7alpha-dehydroxylating activity.
C. sordellii---DNA-DNA hybridization experiments with the isolates, TO-931T and HD-17, and C bifermentans and C. sordellii revealed that the isolates are a single species distinct from C. bifermentans and C sordellii.
Clostridium hiranonis---On the basis of phylogenetic analysis, using 16S rDNA sequences, and DNA-DNA hybridization analysis, it is concluded that strains TO-931T and HD-17 are members of a new species of the genus Clostridium, for which the name Clostridium hiranonis is proposed.
Arcanobacterium pluranimalium---Arcanobacterium pluranimalium sp. nov., isolated from porpoise and deer.
Arcanobacterium pluranimalium---Based on phylogenetic and phenotypic evidence, it is proposed that the unknown bacterium be classified as Arcanobacterium pluranimalium sp. nov.
Arcanobacterium pluranimalium---The type strain of Arcanobacterium pluranimalium is CCUG 42575T (= CIP 106442T).
R. undicola---1998 as new combinations: Rhizobium radiobacter, R. rhizogenes, R. rubi, R. undicola and R. vitis.
Bradyrhizobium elkanii---Bradyrhizobium liaoningense is genotypically highly related to Bradyrhizobium japonicum, whereas Bradyrhizobium elkanii is more distantly related to these two species.
Bradyrhizobium elkanii---The fact that Afipia, Agromonas, Blastobacter, Nitrobacter and Rhodopseudomonas are phylogenetically more closely related to Bradyrhizobium japonicum than to Bradyrhizobium elkanii is discussed.
Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum---Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum sp. nov. and Methylobacterium chloromethanicum sp. nov., chloromethane-utilizing bacteria isolated from a polluted environment.
Methylobacterium chloromethanicum---Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum sp. nov. and Methylobacterium chloromethanicum sp. nov., chloromethane-utilizing bacteria isolated from a polluted environment.
Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum---On the basis of their morphological, physiological and genotypical properties, strain CM2T (= VKM B-2176T = NCIMB 13687T) is proposed as a new species of the genus Hyphomicrobium, Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum, and strain CM4T (= VKM B-2223T = NCIMB 13688T) as a new species of the genus Methylobacterium, Methylobacterium chloromethanicum.
Methylobacterium chloromethanicum---On the basis of their morphological, physiological and genotypical properties, strain CM2T (= VKM B-2176T = NCIMB 13687T) is proposed as a new species of the genus Hyphomicrobium, Hyphomicrobium chloromethanicum, and strain CM4T (= VKM B-2223T = NCIMB 13688T) as a new species of the genus Methylobacterium, Methylobacterium chloromethanicum.
Carboxydobrachium pacificum---Carboxydobrachium pacificum gen. nov., sp. nov., a new anaerobic, thermophilic, CO-utilizing marine bacterium from Okinawa Trough.
Carboxydobrachium pacificum---The type species is Carboxydobrachium pacificum; the type strain is JMT (= DSM 12653T).
Actinomyces marimammalium---Actinomyces marimammalium sp. nov., from marine mammals.
Actinomyces marimammalium---Based on phylogenetic and phenotypic evidence it is proposed that the unknown bacterium from the seals and a porpoise should be classified as Actinomyces marimammalium sp. nov.
Miscanthus sacchariflorus---The enrichment of nitrogen-fixing bacteria from the C4-fibre plants, Spartina pectinata, Miscanthus sinensis, Miscanthus sacchariflorus and Pennisetum purpureum, with nitrogen-free semi-solid media led to the isolation of Herbaspirillum-like strains among other diazotrophic bacteria.
Spartina pectinata---The enrichment of nitrogen-fixing bacteria from the C4-fibre plants, Spartina pectinata, Miscanthus sinensis, Miscanthus sacchariflorus and Pennisetum purpureum, with nitrogen-free semi-solid media led to the isolation of Herbaspirillum-like strains among other diazotrophic bacteria.
Desulfobacula phenolica---Reclassification of Desulfobacterium phenolicum as Desulfobacula phenolica comb.
Desulfotignum balticum---nov. and description of strain SaxT as Desulfotignum balticum gen. nov., sp. nov.A mesophilic, sulfate-reducing bacterium (strain SaxT) was isolated from marine coastal sediment in the Baltic Sea and originally described as a 'Desulfoarculus' sp.
Desulfotignum balticum---The name Desulfotignum balticum gen. nov., sp. nov. is proposed.
Desulfobacula phenolica---Here, we propose to reclassify Desulfobacterium phenolicum as Desulfobacula phenolica comb.
Desulfobacula toluolica---nov. Desulfotignum balticum, Desulfobacterium phenolicum and Desulfobacula toluolica contain cellular fatty acids which have so far only been found in members of the genus Desulfobacter.
Desulfotignum balticum---nov. Desulfotignum balticum, Desulfobacterium phenolicum and Desulfobacula toluolica contain cellular fatty acids which have so far only been found in members of the genus Desulfobacter.
Bartonella vinsonii subsp---Phylogenetic position of Bartonella vinsonii subsp.
Bartonella vinsonii subsp---The nucleotide sequences of the genes encoding 16S rRNA and citrate synthase (gltA) from a recently described member of the genus Bartonella, Bartonella vinsonii subsp.
B. vinsonii subsp---B. vinsonii subsp.
B. vinsonii subsp---arupensis appeared to be closely related to B. vinsonii subsp.
B. vinsonii subsp---vinsonii, another rodent-associated taxon, and to B. vinsonii subsp.
Burkholderia andropogonis---Genotypic and chemotaxonomic evidence for the reclassification of Pseudomonas woodsii (Smith 1911) Stevens 1925 as Burkholderia andropogonis (Smith 1911) Gillis et al.
B. andropogonis---It was reported before that [Pseudomonas] woodsii and Burkholderia andropogonis are phenotypically indistinguishable and probably represent the same taxon, for which the name B. andropogonis has been proposed.
Burkholderia andropogonis---It was reported before that [Pseudomonas] woodsii and Burkholderia andropogonis are phenotypically indistinguishable and probably represent the same taxon, for which the name B. andropogonis has been proposed.
B. andropogonis---In the present study, it was found that [P.] woodsii and B. andropogonis strains were indistinguishable by whole-cell protein electrophoresis and have a highly similar cellular fatty acid composition.
B. andropogonis---In addition, the 16S rDNA sequence of [P.] woodsii strain LMG 2362T was very similar to that of B. andropogonis LMG 2129T (99.0%).
B. andropogonis---The chemotaxonomic and genotypic data confirm that [P.] woodsii and B. andropogonis represent the same species, for which it is proposed to retain the name B. andropogonis.
Cystofilobasidium ferigula---Taxonomic studies on the genus Cystofilobasidium: description of Cystofilobasidium ferigula sp. nov. and clarification of the status of Cystofilobasidium lari-marini.
Cystofilobasidium ferigula---A new species of the genus Cystofilobasidium is described as Cystofilobasidium ferigula sp. nov.
Cystofilobasidium ferigula---Cystofilobasidium ferigula is characterized using an integrated approach encompassing morphological studies, investigation of the ultrastructure of the septal pore, a comparative study of physiological traits, determination of the DNA base composition, DNA reassociation experiments and PCR fingerprinting.
Cystofilobasidium capitatum---During the course of this study, a close similarity of microsatellite-primed PCR fingerprints was detected between Cystofilobasidium lari-marini and Cystofilobasidium capitatum.
Cystofilobasidium capitatum---DNA-DNA reassociation experiments gave high homology values, which indicates that Cystofilobasidium lari-marini must be regarded as a synonym of Cystofilobasidium capitatum.
Erythrobasidium hasegawianum---Sporobolomyces yunnanensis sp. nov., a Q-10(H2)-containing yeast species with a close phylogenetic relationship to Erythrobasidium hasegawianum.
Erythrobasidium hasegawianum---Molecular phylogenetic analysis based on the nucleotide sequences of small subunit (18S) rDNA and the internal transcribed spacer region (including 5.8S rDNA) indicated that the strain was closely related to the two described Q-10(H2)-containing yeast species, Erythrobasidium hasegawianum and Sporobolomyces elongatus, with a closer relationship to the former.
Sporopachydermia cereana---Phylogenetic structure of the Sporopachydermia cereana species complex.
Sminthopsis crassicaudata---The development and mature organisation of the end-artery retinal vasculature in a marsupial, the dunnart Sminthopsis crassicaudata.
Aotus trivirgatus---AnimalsAotus trivirgatusCebusCell CountFemaleGanglia, SensoryMalePhotoreceptor Cells, VertebrateRetinaVisual Pathways
Ictalurus punctatus---OBJECTIVE: To determine the prevalence of Streptococcus iniae in tilapia (Oreochromis spp), hybrid striped bass (Morone chrysops X M saxatilis), and channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus) on commercial fish farms in the United States.
Latrodectus tredecimguttatus---The widow spider Latrodectus tredecimguttatus: source of the remedy Tarentula hispanica?
Latrodectus tredecimguttatus---A comparative investigation by use of toxicological, clinical findings, supported by modern and antique biological texts, as well as homeopathic materia medica, traces the source of the remedy Tarentula hispanica to the Mediterranean widow spider Latrodectus tredecimguttatus, thus warranting a re-evaluation of pharmacological preparation.
Securidaca inappendiculata---We report the discovery of securiosides A (1) and B (2), novel acylated triterpene bisdesmosides, isolated from the roots of Securidaca inappendiculata.
Allium sativum---Epidemiological studies link increased garlic (Allium sativum) consumption with a reduced incidence of colon cancer in various human populations.
M. kansasii---The MIC90s were as follows: 0.39 microgram/ml for M. tuberculosis, > 50 micrograms/ml for M. avium, > 50 micrograms/ml for M. intracellulare, 0.39 microgram/ml for M. kansasii, 0.39 microgram/ml for M. fortuitum, > 50 micrograms/ml for M. abscessus, and 50 micrograms/ml for M. chelonae.
M. kansasii---Considering the present findings and pharmacokinetics of BFLX, it appears that BFLX may achieve favorable outcome in the treatment of patients with infection due to M. tuberculosis, M. kansasii, or M. fortuitum similar to that of ofloxacin or LVFX.
C. sinensis---Cordyceps sinensis (C. sinensis) is one of the well known fungi used in traditional Chinese medicine for treatment asthma and bronchial and lung inflammation.
C. sinensis---In this study, effects of C. sinensis methanolic extracts on bronchoalveolar lavage fluids (BALF) cells proliferation, inflammatory cytokines production, and genes expression were evaluated.
C. sinensis---These results also demonstrate that the therapeutic activity of C. sinensis in Chinese medicine may be related to modulation of TH1 and TH2 cells functions in bronchial airway.
P. polycephalum---The mitochondrial genome of P. polycephalum was predicted to contain genes coding for 12 known proteins [for three cytochrome c oxidase subunits, apocytochrome b, two F1Fo-ATPase subunits, five NADH dehydrogenase (nad) subunits, and one ribosomal protein], two rRNA genes, and five tRNA genes.
P. polycephalum---However, the predicted ORFs are not all in the same frame, because mitochondrial RNA in P. polycephalum undergoes RNA editing to produce functional RNAs.
P. polycephalum---No guide RNA-like sequences were observed in the mtDNA of P. polycephalum.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---The Rhizobium leguminosarum glnB gene is down-regulated during symbiosis.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---We demonstrate that in Rhizobium leguminosarum the glnB promoter is strongly regulated by nitrogen and NtrC, but still shows a significant level of activity in conditions of nitrogen excess.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---Amino Acid SequenceBacterial ProteinsDNA-Binding ProteinsDown-RegulationGene Expression Regulation, BacterialGenes, RegulatorMolecular Sequence DataNitrogenasePII Nitrogen Regulatory ProteinsPhenotypePlasmidsPromoter Regions, GeneticRhizobium leguminosarumSequence Homology, Amino AcidSignal TransductionSymbiosisTime FactorsTrans-ActivatorsTranscription Factorsbeta-Galactosidase
Agaricus bisporus---The deduced amino acid sequence shows a high degree of sequence identity to metallothioneins of the filamentous ascomycete Neurospora crassa and the basidiomycete Agaricus bisporus, and to the N-terminal portion of mammalian metallothioneins.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---RpoN of Rhizobium leguminosarum bv.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---The rpoN gene, which codes for the alternative transcription factor sigma54, was cloned and sequenced from Rhizobium leguminosarum strain VF39SM.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---Bacterial ProteinsBase SequenceBinding SitesBlotting, SouthernCloning, MolecularDNA-Binding ProteinsDNA-Directed RNA PolymerasesGene Expression Regulation, BacterialGenetic Complementation TestModels, GeneticMolecular Sequence DataMutagenesis, Site-DirectedNitrogenOxygenPhenotypePhylogenyPlasmidsPolymerase Chain ReactionRNA Polymerase Sigma 54Recombinant Fusion ProteinsRhizobium leguminosarumSequence Analysis, DNASigma FactorSinorhizobium melilotiSpecies SpecificityTranscription FactorsTranscription, Geneticbeta-Galactosidase
Arabidopsis thaliana---Two novel genes encoding SNF-1 related protein kinases from Arabidopsis thaliana: differential accumulation of AtSR1 and AtSR2 transcripts in response to cytokinins and sugars, and phosphorylation of sucrose synthase by AtSR2.
Arabidopsis thaliana---We searched for genes encoding members of the group-3 SNF1-related protein kinase (SnRK3) family in the Arabidopsis thaliana database, and seven independent sequences were identified.
A. nidulans---Like many other filamentous fungi, A. nidulans shows no bias towards either homologous or ectopic integration of exogenous DNA.
Fusarium oxysporum---Transposition of autonomous and engineered impala transposons in Fusarium oxysporum and a related species.
Fusarium oxysporum---The impala transposon of Fusarium oxysporum is an active element.
Gallus domesticus---Previous studies have shown that chicken (Gallus domesticus) embryos are sensitive to the immunotoxic effects of Ah receptor agonists.
Echinococcus granulosus---Echinococcus granulosus has the smallest taenia adult of the cestodes but with the largest larva.
E. granulosus granulosus---In Europe the natural life cycle of E. granulosus granulosus involves dogs as the definitive host and sheep as the intermediate host.
E. granulosus borealis---In northern Europe E. granulosus borealis infects the canids and deer.
E. granulosus canadensis---E. granulosus canadensis infects wolves and reindeer, but there are no human cases.
Echinococcus granulosus---The differential diagnosis between Echinococcus granulosus and E. multilocularis is examined.
Echinococcus granulosus---Hydatidosis, caused by Echinococcus granulosus, is an endemic parasitic disease in Mediterranean countries.
Spinacia oleracea---CopperFertilizersIndiaIronMagnesiumMineralsNitrogenPhosphorusPhotometryPlant LeavesPolygonaceaePotassiumSoilSpectrophotometry, AtomicSpinacia oleraceaVegetablesZinc
C. pacifica---Descriptions of the following taxa from Australian marine teleosts are given: Enenterum mannarense from Kyphosus sydneyanus, SW Australia, E. elongatum from Kyphosus sydneyanus, SW Australia (these two species are distinguished by the number of oral lobes and the ovary to anterior testis distance), Koseiria huxleyi n. sp. from Chaetodontoplus meredithi, Great Barrier Reef (this new species is distinguished by the vitellarium reaching into the forebody, the infundibuliform terminal oral sucker, the unlobed ovary and the distinct post-oral ring), Koseiria xishaense from Kyphosus cinerascens and K. vaigiensis, Great Barrier Reef, Cadenatella isuzumi from Kyphosus cinerascens and K. vaigiensis, Great Barrier Reef, and C. pacifica (Yamaguti, 1970) n. comb.
C. dollfusi---The genus Jeancadenatia is considered a synonym of Cadenatella, and the new combination C. dollfusi (Hafeezullah, 1980) is formed.
Allassogonoporus callosciuri---Allassogonoporus callosciuri n. sp. (Digenea: Allassogonoporidae) from the plantain squirrel Callosciurus notatus (Boddaert) (Rodentia: Sciuridae) in Borneo.
Callosciurus notatus---Allassogonoporus callosciuri n. sp. (Digenea: Allassogonoporidae) from the plantain squirrel Callosciurus notatus (Boddaert) (Rodentia: Sciuridae) in Borneo.
Allassogonoporus callosciuri---A new digenean, Allassogonoporus callosciuri n. sp. from the plantain squirrel Callosciurus notatus from the Malaysian state of Sarawak, Borneo, is described.
Callosciurus notatus---A new digenean, Allassogonoporus callosciuri n. sp. from the plantain squirrel Callosciurus notatus from the Malaysian state of Sarawak, Borneo, is described.
A. amphoraeformis---The new species differs from: A. amphoraeformis by the size of the ventral sucker and the position of the vitellarium and uterus; and from A. marginalis by the smaller oral sucker, the position of the testes and vitellarium; from A. vespertilionis by the position of the vitellarium, testes and ovary; from A. asymmetrica by the position of the testes and uterus.
A. asymmetrica---The new species differs from: A. amphoraeformis by the size of the ventral sucker and the position of the vitellarium and uterus; and from A. marginalis by the smaller oral sucker, the position of the testes and vitellarium; from A. vespertilionis by the position of the vitellarium, testes and ovary; from A. asymmetrica by the position of the testes and uterus.
A. marginalis---The new species differs from: A. amphoraeformis by the size of the ventral sucker and the position of the vitellarium and uterus; and from A. marginalis by the smaller oral sucker, the position of the testes and vitellarium; from A. vespertilionis by the position of the vitellarium, testes and ovary; from A. asymmetrica by the position of the testes and uterus.
A. vespertilionis---The new species differs from: A. amphoraeformis by the size of the ventral sucker and the position of the vitellarium and uterus; and from A. marginalis by the smaller oral sucker, the position of the testes and vitellarium; from A. vespertilionis by the position of the vitellarium, testes and ovary; from A. asymmetrica by the position of the testes and uterus.
Salsuginus neotropicalis---Salsuginus neotropicalis n. sp. (Monogenea: Ancyrocephalinae) from the pike killifish Belonesox belizanus (Atheriniformes: Poeciliidae) from southeastern Mexico.
Salsuginus neotropicalis---Salsuginus neotropicalis n. sp. is described from the gills of Belonesox belizanus (Kner), the pike killifish (Poeciliidae), from the southeastern Mexico.
S. neotropicalis---S. neotropicalis is distinguished from all other congeners by the morphology of the haptoral sclerites, especially by the presence of a ventral bar with notably enlarged ends, and by possessing overlapping gonads.
Polystoma macrocnemis---Polystoma macrocnemis n. sp. (Monogenea: Polystomatidae) from the Iranian longlegged wood frog Rana macrocnemis (Ranidae) in Turkey.
Polystoma macrocnemis---Polystoma macrocnemis n. sp. (Polystomatidae) is described from the urinary bladder of Rana macrocnemis (Ranidae) in Turkey.
Acanthopagrus latus---Solostamenides platyorchis n. sp. was obtained from the gills of Mugil cephalus (Mugilidae) and Polylabroides guangdongensis n. sp. from the gills of Sparus macrocephalus, S. berda and Acanthopagrus latus (Sparidae).
Sparus macrocephalus---Solostamenides platyorchis n. sp. was obtained from the gills of Mugil cephalus (Mugilidae) and Polylabroides guangdongensis n. sp. from the gills of Sparus macrocephalus, S. berda and Acanthopagrus latus (Sparidae).
P. guangdongensis---Features of P. guangdongensis distinguishing it from other species of the genus include a copulatory organ lacking small spines and an extremely long polar filament on the egg.
Argulus izintwala---Argulus izintwala n. sp. (Crustacea: Branchiura) from Lake St Lucia, South Africa.
Argulus izintwala---This, only the fourth argulid species to be found in South African coastal waters, is here described as Argulus izintwala n. sp.
A. baumannii---PATIENTS: Forty-eight patients with A. baumannii bacteremia.
A. baumannii---CONCLUSION: Ampicillin-sulbactam is at least as effective as imipenem-cilastatin based on clinical response at days 2, 7, and end of treatment and is a cost-effective alternative for treatment of A. baumannii infections.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---Paracoccidioides brasiliensis in a postpartum Pap smear.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---A routine cervical/endocervical smear revealed the presence of multiple fungal forms at different stages of development with a characteristic &quot;pilot's wheel&quot; appearance consistent with Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
Pasteurella haemolytica---In experimental calf pneumonia induced by inoculations of Pasteurella haemolytica or bovine herpesvirus-1, lipoprotein lipid concentrations and lecithin:cholesterol acyltransferase (LCAT) activity decrease.
Theileria annulata---The blood smears from three of the eight calves contained piroplasms for Theileria annulata.
Theileria annulata---AnimalsAntiprotozoal AgentsCattleCattle DiseasesDiminazeneErythrocytesHematocritHemoglobinsHemoglobinuriaLipid PeroxidesMalondialdehydeTheileria annulataTheileriasis
Thermoplasma acidophilum---Five types of molecular species of C40 isoprenoid chains, having different numbers of cyclopentane rings, were detected in the ether core lipid of Thermoplasma acidophilum.
Noturus placidus---In 1991 and 1992 we determined the levels of metals, arsenic, boron, and selenium in the Neosho River drainage in southeastern Kansas, the primary habitat for the threatened Neosho madtom (Noturus placidus).
Ictiobus bubalus---We evaluated concentrations in sediments, mussels (Quadrula pustulosa and Q. metanevra), and fish (Percina phoxocephala, Cyprinus carpio, and Ictiobus bubalus) from three sites on the Neosho River and one site on the Cottonwood River.
Quadrula pustulosa---We evaluated concentrations in sediments, mussels (Quadrula pustulosa and Q. metanevra), and fish (Percina phoxocephala, Cyprinus carpio, and Ictiobus bubalus) from three sites on the Neosho River and one site on the Cottonwood River.
Triticum aestivum---Corn (Zea mays L.) or wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) was seeded adjacent to the alfalfa each year.
Panicum virgatum---We explored the use of 'Alamo' switchgrass (Panicum virgatum L.) in a biomass production-filter strip system treated with dairy manure.
Gallus gallus domesticus---Although broiler (chicken, Gallus gallus domesticus) litter has long been used as a fertilizer, estimating the rate required to supply a desired amount of plant-available N is still hampered by the lack of rapid methods to estimate potentially mineralizable nitrogen (PMN).
B. tropicalis---CONCLUSIONS: These results confirm that the storage mite B. tropicalis is an important allergen in AD.
Boswellia serrata---[Therapy of active Crohn disease with Boswellia serrata extract H 15]BACKGROUND: The purpose of this clinical trial was to compare efficacy and safety of the Boswellia serrata extract H15 with mesalazine for the treatment of active Crohn's disease.
Boswellia serrata---This can be interpreted as evidence for the efficacy of H15 according to the state of art in the treatment of active Crohn's disease with Boswellia serrata extract, since the efficacy of mesalazine for this indication has been approved by the health authorities.
Boswellia serrata---Considering both safety and efficacy of Boswellia serrata extract H15 it appears to be superior over mesalazine in terms of a benefit-risk-evaluation.
C. goeldii---Like marmosets and tamarins, C. goeldii lives in family groups, and fathers and older offspring (helpers) participate in infant carrying.
C. goeldii---In contrast to the typical twin births in marmosets and tamarins, C. goeldii has only single offspring, and paternal carrying is delayed.
C. goeldii---We studied infant carrying following 26 births in eight groups of C. goeldii, testing hypotheses proposed in the literature on infant carrying in marmosets and tamarins.
C. goeldii---Whereas the C. goeldii mother is always the main carrier, the father does not always carry more than helpers.
C. goeldii---We conclude that the infant-carrying pattern in C. goeldii is different from the infant-carrying pattern in marmosets and tamarins.
Callicebus personatus personatus---Ranging behavior and intraspecific relationships of masked titi monkeys (Callicebus personatus personatus).
Callicebus personatus personatus---Two neighboring groups of masked titi monkeys (Callicebus personatus personatus) were observed for nearly 240 hr over a 5-mo period.
Triticum aestivum---Isolated wheat (Triticum aestivum L.).
Arabidopsis thaliana---Utilization of mutants to analyze the interaction between Arabidopsis thaliana and its naturally root-associated Pseudomonas.
Arabidopsis thaliana---A model system based on the Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heynh.
A. thaliana---Pseudomonas strains colonizing A. thaliana were found to modify the root architecture either in vivo or in vitro.
P. thivervalensis---A gnotobiotic system using bacteria labelled with green fluorescent protein revealed that P. thivervalensis exhibited a colonization profile similar to that of other rhizobacterial species.
A. thaliana---Mutants of A. thaliana affected in root hair development and possible hormone perception were used to analyze the plant genetic determinants of bacterial colonization.
P. thivervalensis---A screen for mutants insensitive to P. thivervalensis colonization yielded two mutants found to be auxin resistant.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Brassinolide may control aquaporin activities in Arabidopsis thaliana.
Arabidopsis thaliana---In this paper, we report measurements of the osmotic permeability (P(os) of protoplasts isolated from hypocotyls of wild-type and mutant Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heynh.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Here we describe the production of inducible antisense Aox1a plants of Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heynh.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Arabidopsis thaliana (Columbia) plants were transformed by in-planta vacuum infiltration with Agrobacterium containing the antisense construct.
Nicotiana tabacum---Heterotrophic callus lines exhibiting elevated levels of Fru-2,6-P2 were generated from transgenic tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.) plants expressing a modified rat liver 6-phosphofructo-2-kinase/fructose-2,6-bisphosphatase.
C. reinhardtii---However, the C. reinhardtii extracts contained 14-3-3 proteins capable of inhibiting the spinach nitrate reductase, raising the question of their physiological substrates.
C. reinhardtii---Two C. reinhardtii proteins of about 48 and 35 kDa were eluted from 14-3-3 affinity chromatography columns and bound to 14-3-3s in overlay assays.
Nicotiana tabacum---Functional characterisation of Nicotiana tabacum xyloglucan endotransglycosylase (NtXET-1): generation of transgenic tobacco plants and changes in cell wall xyloglucan.
Nicotiana tabacum---) XET cDNA (GenBank AA824986) from the homologous tobacco (Nicotiana tabacum L.) clone named NtXET-1 (Accession no.
Hypericum androsaemum---Cinnamic acid is a precursor of benzoic acids in cell cultures of Hypericum androsaemum L. but not in cell cultures of Centaurium erythraea RAFN.
Hypericum androsaemum---Benzoic acids are precursors of xanthone biosynthesis which has been studied in cell cultures of Hypericum androsaemum (Hypericaceae) and Centaurium erythraea (Gentianaceae).
H. androsaemum---All three precursors were efficiently incorporated into the elicited xanthone in H. androsaemum, whereas 3-hydroxybenzoic acid was the only precursor to be incorporated into xanthones in C. erythraea.
H. androsaemum---In addition, an appreciable increase in phenylalanine ammonia-lyase activity occurred only in methyl-jasmonate-treated cell cultures of H. androsaemum.
H. androsaemum---In H. androsaemum, benzoic acid is derived from cinnamic acid by side-chain degradation.
Raphanus sativus---We cloned cDNAs for plasma-membrane aquaporins (PAQ1, 1b, 1c, 2, 2b, and 2c) of radish (Raphanus sativus L.).
Polygonum cuspidatum---High-speed counter-current chromatography separation and purification of resveratrol and piceid from Polygonum cuspidatum.
Mesocricetus auratus---The testicular localization and expression of Smad2 and Smad3 mRNA involved in the intracellular signal transduction of activin, inhibin and transforming growth factor-beta (TGF-beta) were examined under the influence of long and short photoperiod in Syrian hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus).
Pterocarpus santalinus---Savinin, a lignan from Pterocarpus santalinus inhibits tumor necrosis factor-alpha production and T cell proliferation.
Pterocarpus santalinus---Two lignans were isolated from the heartwood of Pterocarpus santalinus by activity-guided fractionation and investigated for their biological properties and molecular mechanism of action.
P. santalinus---The results suggest that savinin may act as an active principle in the reported biological activities of P. santalinus, such as antiinflammatory effect, by mediation of the butyrolactone ring as a valuable pharmacophore.
Syzygium aromaticum---Purification and characterization of antithrombotics from Syzygium aromaticum (L.) MErr.
Syzygium aromaticum---Two antithrombotic polysaccharides with relatively high molecular weight (HMW) and low molecular weight (LMW) were isolated from the flower buds of Syzygium aromaticum (L.) MERR.
Saposhnikovia divaricata---Analgesic components of saposhnikovia root (Saposhnikovia divaricata).
Saposhnikovia divaricata---By activity-oriented separation using the writhing method in mice, the analgesic components of Saposhnikovia root (Saposhnikovia divaricata Schischkin; Umbelliferae) were identified to be chromones, coumarins, polyacetylenes and 1-acylglycerols.
A. flavus---Compounds (2) showed potent antifungal activities against C. albicans, C. krusei, A. flavus and A. fumigatus in vitro and against C. albicans in vivo for oral and i.v.
A. fumigatus---Compounds (2) showed potent antifungal activities against C. albicans, C. krusei, A. flavus and A. fumigatus in vitro and against C. albicans in vivo for oral and i.v.
C. albicans---Compounds (2) showed potent antifungal activities against C. albicans, C. krusei, A. flavus and A. fumigatus in vitro and against C. albicans in vivo for oral and i.v.
Artemisia caruifolia---Triterpenes and lignans from Artemisia caruifolia and their cytotoxic effects on meth-A and LLC tumor cell lines.
Artemisia caruifolia---One new triterpene, 3beta-hydroxy-29-norcycloart-24-one (1), and four new lignans, caruilignans (2-5), together with six known compounds were isolated from the aerial part of Artemisia caruifolia BUCH.-HAM.
Scoparia dulcis---Geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase from Scoparia dulcis and Croton sublyratus.
Scoparia dulcis---cDNAs encoding geranylgeranyl diphosphate synthase (GGPPS) of two diterpene-producing plants, Scoparia dulcis and Croton sublyratus, have been isolated using the homology-based polymerase chain reaction (PCR) method.
Spinacia oleracea---Chromatography, High Pressure LiquidHumansLuteinMagnetic Resonance SpectroscopyMass SpectrometryRetinaSpinacia oleraceaStereoisomerismXanthophyllsbeta Carotene
Nasonia giraulti---Here we show that high levels of bidirectional cytoplasmic incompatibility between two closely related species of insects (the parasitic wasps Nasonia giraulti and Nasonia longicornis) preceded the evolution of other postmating reproductive barriers.
Nasonia longicornis---Here we show that high levels of bidirectional cytoplasmic incompatibility between two closely related species of insects (the parasitic wasps Nasonia giraulti and Nasonia longicornis) preceded the evolution of other postmating reproductive barriers.
Synechococcus elongatus---Crystal structure of photosystem II from Synechococcus elongatus at 3.8 A resolution.
Operophtera brumata---We determined the response of winter moth (Operophtera brumata) egg hatching and oak (Quercus robur) bud burst to temperature, a system with strong selection on synchronization.
Botryotinia fuckeliana---Expression and action pattern of Botryotinia fuckeliana (Botrytis cinerea) rhamnogalacturonan hydrolase in Pichia pastoris.
Botryotinia fuckeliana---The cDNA sequence coding for the complete rhamnogalacturonan hydrolase (RGase) of Botryotinia fuckeliana (Botrytis cinerea) was introduced into Pichia pastoris and expressed under the control of the alcohol oxidase promoter.
P. pastoris---No plant cell wall degrading enzymes were detected in the culture medium of un-transformed P. pastoris, thus the recombinant enzyme, devoid of extraneous activities, can be applied for fine structural studies on cell walls.
Sanguinaria canadensis---Sanguinarine, an alkaloid from Sanguinaria canadensis, has no effect on the yeast Saccharomyces cerevisiae at concentrations of up to 225 microM.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Both polyhydroxybutyrate and the co-polymer poly(hydroxybutyrate-co-hydroxyvalerate) have been synthesized in the plastids of Arabidopsis thaliana and Brassica napus.
Macropus giganteus---[e.g., eastern gray kangaroos (Macropus giganteus), Bennett's wallabies (Macropus rufogriseus), and sugar gliders (Petaurus breviceps)] are covered in detail.
Macropus rufogriseus---[e.g., eastern gray kangaroos (Macropus giganteus), Bennett's wallabies (Macropus rufogriseus), and sugar gliders (Petaurus breviceps)] are covered in detail.
Erinaceus europaeus---Of the insectivores, only the African hedgehog (Atelerix albiventris) and the European hedgehog (Erinaceus europaeus) are commonly kept as pets and, consequently, the insectivore section concentrates on discussing these two species.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---[Colonization by Ureaplasma urealyticum and chronic lung disease in premature newborn infants under 32 weeks of gestation]Colonization of the respiratory tract of premature newborn infants by genital mycoplasma is suspected to be associated with chronic lung disease.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---RESULTS: Fifty-nine infants were enrolled and 11 (19%) were colonized with Ureaplasma urealyticum.
Ureaplasma urealyticum---Bronchopulmonary DysplasiaGestational AgeHumansInfant, NewbornInfant, PrematureInfant, Premature, DiseasesPrevalenceProspective StudiesUreaplasma urealyticum
Artemisia tridentata---Genetic and phenotypic parameters for dietary selection of mountain big sagebrush (Artemisia tridentata Nutt.
Artemisia tridentata---The heritability of diet selection for mountain big sagebrush (Artemisia tridentata Nutt.
Nannochloris eucaryotum---Lysis of Gymnodinium breve by cultures of the green alga Nannochloris eucaryotum.
Nannochloris eucaryotum---Laboratory cultures of Florida's red tide organism, Gymnodinium breve, were killed by the green alga Nannochloris eucaryotum.
N. eucaryotum---Studies involved organism-organism interaction as well as organism-cell-free culture (N. eucaryotum) interaction.
N. eucaryotum---Both studies demonstrated that N. eucaryotum adversely affected Florida's red tide organism.
N. eucaryotum---N. eucaryotum crude APONIN was extracted from cell-free cultures, partially purified and fractionated.
Avena strigosa---Investigation of avenacin-deficient mutants of Avena strigosa.
Avena strigosa---The biosynthesis of cyclic triterpenoids in ten saponin-deficient (sad) mutant varieties of the diploid oat Avena strigosa is reported.
Beauveria bassiana---Biotransformation of diterpenes and diterpene derivatives by Beauveria bassiana ATCC 7159.
Beauveria bassiana---The biohydroxylation of stemodin and stemodinone by Beauveria bassiana ATCC 7159 gave exclusively 2alpha,13,18-trihydroxystemodane and 13,18-dihydroxystemodan-2-one respectively.
Lemna paucicostata---Compounds 3 and 4 gave the highest inhibition of plant cell cultures and of the plant Lemna paucicostata.
Adiantum lunulatum---A new triterpenoid from the fern Adiantum lunulatum and evaluation of antibacterial activity.
Adiantum lunulatum---fern-9(11)-ene, fern-9(11)-en-25-oic acid, fern-9(11)-en-28-ol, filicenol-B, adiantone and oxidation product of fern-9(11)-en-6alpha-ol obtained as 6-oxofern-9(11)-ene from the whole plant of Adiantum lunulatum, and their structures were elucidated by means of spectroscopic analysis and antibacterial evaluation of these compounds were conducted.
Echinococcus multilocularis---Epidemiology, clinical findings and treatment]Infection with the fox dwarf tapeworm, Echinococcus multilocularis, has for the first time been found in a fox in Denmark, and E. multilocularis infection is therefore now a possible diagnosis in Danish patients.
A. hydrophila---In this work, two A. hydrophila strains in early exponential phase were used: (A) A. hydrophila ATCC 7965 and (B) A. hydrophila derived from food, isolated in our laboratory.
A. hydrophila---In the two latter media, the growth of both A. hydrophila strains was totally inhibited by concentrations between 0.5 and 3.0%.
A. hydrophila---Although all the assayed phosphates proved to have bactericidal effects on A. hydrophila, 0.5% sodium acid pyrophosphate (SAPP) exhibited greater effects in both strains and was selected for subsequent experiments.
A. hydrophila---It was concluded that 0.5% SAPP can have bactericidal and bacteriolytic effects in early exponential phase A. hydrophila cells.
Penicillium glabrum---The identification of the fungal strains present in the domestic cheeses included Penicillium glabrum, Penicillium roqueforti, and Penicillium cyclopium in the Gorgonzola &quot;dolce&quot; and Penicillium roqueforti in the Gorgonzola &quot;naturale&quot;; in one case, the presence of Penicillium crustosum was observed.
Lactobacillus plantarum---Study of inactivation of Lactobacillus plantarum in orange-carrot juice by means of pulsed electric fields: comparison of inactivation kinetics models.
Lactobacillus plantarum---The inactivation kinetics of Lactobacillus plantarum was studied in orange-carrot juice using high intensity pulsed electric fields.
L. plantarum---The results indicated that under the treatment conditions applied, 28.6, 32.0, and 35.8 kV/cm and treatment times ranging from 10.2 to 46.3 micros, the inactivation of L. plantarum obtained was up to 2.5 decimal reductions.
Carnobacterium piscicola---Using a modification of the agar diffusion assay, in situ bacteriocin production on meat was analyzed using cooked meat medium (CMM) and sterile pork tissue (lean and fat) with Carnobacterium piscicola LV17 as the producer and Carnobacterium divergens LV13 as the indicator strains.
C. piscicola---Contrary to what is observed in APT broth, bacteriocin production by C. piscicola LV17 occurred with growth at low inoculum levels (&lt; or =10(4) CFU/cm2 or g of meat) on disks (10 cm2) of pork fat tissue (pH 6.58) and on CMM particles (pH 7.0) but not on disks of lean tissue (pH 5.61).
Flavobacterium aurantiacum---This study was undertaken to determine the effects of reducing conditions (L-cysteine) and seryl (phenylmethylsulfonyl fluoride) and sulfhydryl (divalent cadmium) group inhibitors on aflatoxin B1 (AFB1) degradation by Flavobacterium aurantiacum.
F. aurantiacum---High-performance liquid chromatography was used to determine AFB1 concentrations in 72-h cultures of F. aurantiacum.
Molluscum contagiosum---[Molluscum contagiosum: treatment with pulsed dye laser]BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: There is a wide variety of methods for the treatment of mollusca contagiosa.
Absidia glauca---Green fluorescent protein as a reporter for gene expression in the mucoralean fungus Absidia glauca.
Absidia glauca---We constructed plasmids for transforming the model zygomycete Absidia glauca that carry the versatile reporter gene coding for green fluorescent protein (GFP).
A. glauca---The gfp reporter gene plasmids presented here for the model zygomycete A. glauca constitute the first reliable system that allows the monitoring of gene expression in this important group of fungi.
Clostridium sticklandii---Molecular analysis of the grd operon coding for genes of the glycine reductase and of the thioredoxin system from Clostridium sticklandii.
Clostridium sticklandii---A probe based on the sequence of the gene encoding selenoprotein A of glycine reductase of Clostridium sticklandii was used to obtain clones of adjacent DNA that encoded the other components of glycine reductase, proteins B and C, in addition to thioredoxin and thioredoxin reductase.
Fusarium oxysporum---Oxygen requirement for denitrification by the fungus Fusarium oxysporum.
Fusarium oxysporum---The effects of dioxygen (O2) on the denitrification activity of the fungus Fusarium oxysporum MT-811 in fed-batch culture in a stirred jar fermentor were examined.
Halococcus saccharolyticus---Different glycolytic pathways for glucose and fructose in the halophilic archaeon Halococcus saccharolyticus.
Halococcus saccharolyticus---The glucose and fructose degradation pathways were analyzed in the halophilic archaeon Halococcus saccharolyticus by 13C-NMR labeling studies in growing cultures, comparative enzyme measurements and cell suspension experiments.
H. saccharolyticus---H. saccharolyticus grown on complex media containing glucose or fructose specifically 13C-labeled at C1 and C3, formed acetate and small amounts of lactate.
H. saccharolyticus---During growth of H. saccharolyticus on media containing both glucose and fructose, diauxic growth kinetics were observed.
H. saccharolyticus---The data indicate that, in the archaeon H. saccharolyticus, the isomeric hexoses glucose and fructose are degraded via inducible, functionally separated glycolytic pathways: glucose via a modified ED pathway, and fructose via a modified EM pathway.
T. vaginalis---PCR, cultivation, and immunological methods revealed that the number of M. hominis organisms carried by T. vaginalis in culture varied from isolate to isolate, suggesting a specific multiplicity of infection.
T. vaginalis---Moreover, infected T. vaginalis isolates were able to pass bacteria not only to M. hominis-free protozoa, but also to human-derived epithelial cells.
T. vaginalis---The in vitro transmission of the bacterium from T. vaginalis to both uninfected parasite isolates and human epithelial cells suggests a role for T. vaginalis as a carrier of the M. hominis infection in vivo.
A. ficuum---Strains of Aspergillus sp., chiefly A. ficuum and A. niger have most commonly been employed for industrial purposes.
Capnocytophaga canimorsus---A splenectomized patient is also more susceptible to infections with intraerythrocytic organisms such as Babesia microti and those that seldom affect healthy people, such as Capnocytophaga canimorsus.
Artemia franciscana---Uptake and processing of a Vibrio anguillarum bacterin in Artemia franciscana measured by ELISA and immunohistochemistry.
Artemia franciscana---Nauplii of Artemia franciscana were incubated in two different concentrations (undiluted and 1:9 in autoclaved sea water) of a divalent bacterin composed of two different serovars of Vibrio anguillarum.
A. franciscana---In order to investigate uptake and further processing of a bacterin in the live feed organism A. franciscana, immunohistochemistry was applied, visualising the presence of whole bacterial cells and antigens from the bacterin in individual nauplii.
Macrobrachium rosenbergii---Effects of intrinsic and extrinsic factors on the haemocyte profile of the prawn, Macrobrachium rosenbergii.
Macrobrachium rosenbergii---The giant freshwater prawn Macrobrachium rosenbergii was investigated for its total haemocyte count (THC) based on season, sex, size and feeding rate.
Gracilaria cervicornis---Seasonal variation in the biomass and agar yield from Gracilaria cervicornis and Hydropuntia cornea from Brazil.
Pinus radiata---Molecular weight distribution of Pinus radiata kraft mill wastewater treated by anaerobic digestion.
Pinus radiata---The purpose of this work was to investigate the molecular weight distribution of Pinus radiata kraft pulping wastewater treated by anaerobic digestion by using two types of anaerobic reactors: fixed bed and sludge blanket.
Pinus radiata---It can be concluded from this study, that treatment with UASB or AF reactors is not enough, under the conditions tested, for a large COD removal from Pinus radiata wastewater.
A. leptopus---The substrates were in the following order in terms of fast conversions: Solka floc > A. leptopus > sugar cane.
Angiostrongylus costaricensis---Inactivation of infective larvae of Angiostrongylus costaricensis with short time incubations in 1.5% bleach solution, vinegar or saturated cooking salt solution.
Angiostrongylus costaricensis---Angiostrongylus costaricensis is a nematode parasite of wild rodents in the Americas.
A. costaricensis---Ingestion of raw vegetables has been proven to be a risk factor for the acquisition of A. costaricensis and, therefore, prophylaxis should include food disinfection.
Biomphalaria pfeifferi---Laboratory evaluation of the molluscicidal properties of some Saudi Arabian euphorbiales against Biomphalaria pfeifferi.
L. braziliensis---Alpha-glucosidase activity was present in promastigote preparations of L. major, L. infantum, L. donovani, L. braziliensis, Crithidia fasciculata and Herpetomonas muscarum.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---This is especially true for the so-called Lactobacillus acidophilus group, the Lactobacillus casei and Lactobacillus paracasei group, and some bifidobacteria, strains of which have been introduced in many probiotic foods, eg, the novel yogurt-like commodities.
Lactobacillus paracasei---This is especially true for the so-called Lactobacillus acidophilus group, the Lactobacillus casei and Lactobacillus paracasei group, and some bifidobacteria, strains of which have been introduced in many probiotic foods, eg, the novel yogurt-like commodities.
Lactobacillus plantarum---Probiotics in foods not containing milk or milk constituents, with special reference to Lactobacillus plantarum 299v.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Species such as Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus paracasei, Lactobacillus acidophilus, and Lactobacillus salivarius are common in the human mucosa, from the mouth to the rectum.
Lactobacillus paracasei---Species such as Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus paracasei, Lactobacillus acidophilus, and Lactobacillus salivarius are common in the human mucosa, from the mouth to the rectum.
Lactobacillus plantarum---Species such as Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus paracasei, Lactobacillus acidophilus, and Lactobacillus salivarius are common in the human mucosa, from the mouth to the rectum.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus---Species such as Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus paracasei, Lactobacillus acidophilus, and Lactobacillus salivarius are common in the human mucosa, from the mouth to the rectum.
Lactobacillus salivarius---Species such as Lactobacillus plantarum, Lactobacillus rhamnosus, Lactobacillus paracasei, Lactobacillus acidophilus, and Lactobacillus salivarius are common in the human mucosa, from the mouth to the rectum.
L. plantarum---In food, L. paracasei and L. rhamnosus are usually associated with dairy products whereas L. plantarum is found in fermented foods of plant origin.
L. rhamnosus---In food, L. paracasei and L. rhamnosus are usually associated with dairy products whereas L. plantarum is found in fermented foods of plant origin.
L. plantarum---It contains approximately 5 x 10(10) colony-forming units of L. plantarum 299v/L.
L. plantarum---The strain L. plantarum 299v originates from the human intestinal mucosa and has been shown in rats to decrease translocation, improve mucosal status, improve liver status, improve the immunologic status of the mucosa, and reduce mucosal inflammation.
L. plantarum---In humans, L. plantarum 299v can increase the concentration of carboxylic acids in feces and decrease abdominal bloating in patients with irritable bowel disease.
L. plantarum---L. plantarum 299v not only affects the bacterial flora of the intestinal mucosa but may also regulate the host's immunologic defense.
Lactobacillus salivarius subsp---From among these organisms, Lactobacillus salivarius subsp.
L. salivarius---In mouse feeding trials, milk-borne L. salivarius strain UCC118 could successfully colonize the murine gastrointestinal tract.
Lactobacillus rhamnosus---The results that have been shown with a sufficient level of proof to enable probiotics to be used as treatments for gastrointestinal disturbances are 1) the good tolerance of yogurt compared with milk in subjects with primary or secondary lactose maldigestion, 2) the use of Saccharomyces boulardii and Enterococcus faecium SF 68 to prevent or shorten the duration of antibiotic-associated diarrhea, 3) the use of S. boulardii to prevent further recurrence of Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea, and 4) the use of fermented milks containing Lactobacillus rhamnosus GG to shorten the duration of diarrhea in infants with rotavirus enteritis (and probably also in gastroenteritis of other causes).
Lactobacillus bulgaricus---Notably, some of our newer studies showed that short-lived metabolite mixtures isolated from milk that was fermented with strains of Lactobacillus bulgaricus and Streptococcus thermophilus are more effective in deactivating etiologic risk factors of colon carcinogenesis than are cellular components of microorganisms.
Bifidobacterium longum---Monoassociation with Bifidobacterium longum in gnotobiotic mice as a method to assess safety with respect to infection, and translocation and immune responses as a result of the monoassociation are also described.
Curvularia lunata---Curvularia lunata endophthalmitis with secondary keratitis.
Curvularia lunata---PURPOSE: To report a case of pseudophakic endophthalmitis with secondary keratitis caused by Curvularia lunata.
C. lunata---RESULTS: The anterior chamber and vitreous aspirate demonstrated C. lunata.
C. novyi---Like C. novyi, this grows under anaerobic conditions and clinical presentation may be similar; however, descending motor or autonomic signs are invariably present in botulism.
Thalassiosira pseudonana---Under conditions of vitamin B12 deficiency the marine phytoplankton Thalassiosira pseudonana secretes into the growth medium a protein (Gm protein) that binds B12 specifically with an affinity constant of 2 x 10(11) M(-1).
Vargula hilgendorfii---Continuous measurement of targeted promoter activity by a secreted bioluminescence reporter, Vargula hilgendorfii luciferase.
Vargula hilgendorfii---The promoter activity of growth hormone (GH) was continuously monitored in rat pituitary adenoma cells (GH3) by a secreted bioluminescence reporter, Vargula hilgendorfii (Vh) luciferase.
Lagostomus maximus maximus---Ultrastructural and morphometric study of the Sertoli cell of the viscacha (Lagostomus maximus maximus) during the annual reproductive cycle.
Borrelia garinii---Treatment resistant Lyme arthritis caused by Borrelia garinii.
Borrelia garinii---Lyme arthritis is caused in Europe by three main pathogenic species of Borrelia burgdorferi sensu lato: Borrelia burgdorferi sensu stricto, Borrelia garinii, and Borrelia afzelii.
D. canadensis---One type from the beetles D. canadensis and Tenebrio molitor consists of 12- and 13-mer repeating units with disulfide bridges occurring at least every six residues.
C. albicans---VER-002-treated animals showed a significant dosage-dependent clearance of C. albicans from the tongue, oropharynx, esophagus, stomach, and duodenum in comparison to that for untreated controls.
C. albicans---In vitro time-kill studies and a rabbit model of endocarditis and pyelonephritis were used to define the impact that the order of exposure of Candida albicans to fluconazole (FLC) and amphotericin B (AMB), as sequential and combination therapies, had on the susceptibility of C. albicans to AMB and on the outcome.
C. albicans---The contribution of FLC-induced resistance to AMB for C. albicans also was assessed.
C. albicans---In vitro, AMB monotherapy rapidly killed each of four C. albicans strains; FLC alone was fungistatic.
C. albicans---This antagonistic effect persisted for at least 24 h. Simultaneous exposure of C. albicans to AMB and FLC [AMB+FLC(simult)] demonstrated activity similar to that with AMB alone for AMB concentrations of > or =1 microg/ml; antagonism was seen using an AMB concentration of 0.5 microg/ml.
C. albicans---Thus, our in vitro and in vivo studies both demonstrate that preexposure of C. albicans to FLC reduces fungal susceptibility to AMB.
Hypericum perforatum---Hypericin is a natural derivative of the common St. Johns wort plant, Hypericum perforatum.
Morganella morganii---Holomycin, a member of the pyrrothine class of antibiotics, displayed broad-spectrum antibacterial activity, inhibiting a variety of gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria, with the exception of Enterobacter cloacae, Morganella morganii, and Pseudomonas aeruginosa.
C. albicans---A new bioassay in RPMI agar containing methylene blue was developed using C. albicans DSY1024, a mutant rendered hypersusceptible to FLC constructed by the deletion of the multidrug efflux transporter genes CDR1, CDR2, CaMDR1, and FLU1.
M. mucogenicum---Clinical species included the Mycobacterium fortuitum group (n = 74), M. abscessus (n = 98), M. chelonae (n = 50), M. mucogenicum (n = 10), and M. fortuitum third biovariant complex (10).
M. mucogenicum---The modal MIC for M. mucogenicum was 1.0 microg/ml, and the MIC at which 90% of the isolates tested are inhibited (MIC(90)) was 4 microg/ml; the modal MIC for the M. fortuitum group was 4 microg/ml, and the MIC(90) was 16 microg/ml; the modal MIC for the M. fortuitum third biovariant complex was 4 microg/ml, and the MIC(90) was 8 microg/ml; the modal MIC for M. chelonae was 8 microg/ml, and the MIC(90) was 16 microg/ml; and the modal MIC for M. abscessus was 32 microg/ml, and the MIC(90) was 64 microg/ml.
Janthinobacterium lividum---Metallo-beta-lactamase producers in environmental microbiota: new molecular class B enzyme in Janthinobacterium lividum.
Janthinobacterium lividum---A total of 15 metallo-beta-lactamase-producing isolates, including 10 Stenotrophomonas maltophilia isolates, 3 Chryseobacterium spp., one Aeromonas hydrophila isolate, and one Janthinobacterium lividum isolate (a species in which production of metallo-beta-lactamase activity was not previously reported), were obtained from 8 samples.
Legionella gormanii---THIN-B is most closely related (35.6% identical residues) to the L1 enzyme of S. maltophilia and more distantly related to the FEZ-1 enzyme of Legionella gormanii (27.8% identity) and to the GOB-1 enzyme of Chryseobacterium meningosepticum (24.2% identity).
A. fumigatus---There was dosage-dependent microbiological clearance of A. fumigatus from lung tissue in response to POC.
Bifidobacterium adolescentis---Bifidobacterium adolescentis was found to be the most common species in feces of the human adult subjects in this study.
B. adolescentis---The methodological approach revealed intragenomic 16S rDNA heterogeneity in the type strain of B. adolescentis, E-981074.
B. adolescentis---The two 16S rDNA sequences of B. adolescentis E-981074(T) exhibited microheterogeneity differing in eight positions over almost the total length of the gene.
B. cereus---Two tomato lines, one previously found to support high and the other low growth of B. cereus UW85 in the spermosphere, had similar effects on growth of each of a diverse, worldwide collection of 24 B. cereus strains that were inoculated on seeds and planted in sterilized vermiculite.
B. cereus---In contrast, among RILs that differed for support of B. cereus UW85 growth in the spermosphere, we found no difference for support of growth of the biocontrol strains Pseudomonas fluorescens 2-79 or Pseudomonas aureofaciens AB254.
B. cereus---Thus, while the host effect on growth extended to all strains of B. cereus examined, it was not exerted on other bacterial species tested.
B. cereus---When seeds were inoculated with a marked mutant of B. cereus UW85 and planted in soil, RIL-dependent high and low support of bacterial growth was observed that was similar to results from experiments conducted in sterilized vermiculite.
B. cereus---Neither RIL supported detectable levels of growth of indigenous Bacillus soil bacteria, while the line that supported growth of inoculated B. cereus UW85 supported higher growth of indigenous fluorescent pseudomonads and total bacteria.
B. cereus---The vermiculite system used in these experiments was predictive for growth of B. cereus UW85 inoculated on seeds and grown in soil, but the patterns of growth of inoculated strains-both Bacillus and Pseudomonas spp.-did not reflect host genotype effects on indigenous microflora recruited from soil to the spermosphere.
A. aculeatus---The DNA sequence of the internal transcribed spacers (ITS1 and ITS2) and the 5.8S rRNA gene could not be used to distinguish between A. japonicus and A. aculeatus but did show that these two taxa are more closely related to each other than to other species of black aspergilli.
A. japonicus---The DNA sequence of the internal transcribed spacers (ITS1 and ITS2) and the 5.8S rRNA gene could not be used to distinguish between A. japonicus and A. aculeatus but did show that these two taxa are more closely related to each other than to other species of black aspergilli.
Agaricus bisporus---Aspergillus niger pyruvate kinase (pkiA) and pectin lyase A (pelA) and Agaricus bisporus 28S rRNA genes, which were used as probes in the RFLP analysis, revealed clear polymorphism between these two taxa.
A. aculeatus---The A. niger pkiA and pelA probes placed six strains in an A. japonicus group and 12 isolates in an A. aculeatus group, which exhibited intraspecific variation when they were probed with the pelA gene.
A. japonicus---The A. niger pkiA and pelA probes placed six strains in an A. japonicus group and 12 isolates in an A. aculeatus group, which exhibited intraspecific variation when they were probed with the pelA gene.
A. aculeatus---The strains classified as A. japonicus produced indole alkaloids and a polar metabolite, while the A. aculeatus isolates produced neoxaline, okaramins, paraherquamidelike compounds, and secalonic acid.
A. japonicus---The strains classified as A. japonicus produced indole alkaloids and a polar metabolite, while the A. aculeatus isolates produced neoxaline, okaramins, paraherquamidelike compounds, and secalonic acid.
A. aculeatus---A. aculeatus CBS 114.80 showed specific RFLP patterns for all loci examined.
A. aculeatus---The secondary-metabolite profile of strain CBS 114.80 also differed from those of A. japonicus and A. aculeatus.
A. japonicus---The secondary-metabolite profile of strain CBS 114.80 also differed from those of A. japonicus and A. aculeatus.
R. peacockii---R. peacockii was successfully maintained in a continuous culture of DAE100 cells without apparent adverse effects on the host cells.
Pediococcus damnosus---Of these, 41 isolates were identified as Pediococcus damnosus using EcoRI digestion.
P. damnosus---The other 18 P. damnosus brewery isolates had unique patterns.
P. parvulus---Of the remaining brewing isolates, one was identified as P. parvulus, two were identified as P. acidilactici, and two were identified as unique Pediococcus species.
P. damnosus---An acid-resistant P. damnosus isolate could be distinguished from non-acid-resistant varieties of the same species using PstI instead of EcoRI.
P. damnosus---The 16S rRNA gene sequences from six different brewery P. damnosus isolates were homologous with a high degree of similarity to the GenBank reference strain but were identical to each other and one ATCC strain with the exception of 1 bp in one strain.
Cyclospora cayetanensis oocysts---Viability of Giardia intestinalis cysts and viability and sporulation state of Cyclospora cayetanensis oocysts determined by electrorotation.
Cyclospora cayetanensis---Electrorotation studies are reported for two intestinal parasites, Giardia intestinalis and Cyclospora cayetanensis.
C. cayetanensis oocysts---The viability of C. cayetanensis oocysts (for which no vital dye assay is currently available) can also be determined by electrorotation, as can their sporulation state.
Lactococcus lactis---Improvement and optimization of two engineered phage resistance mechanisms in Lactococcus lactis.
Lactococcus lactis---Bacterial ProteinsBacteriophagesBlotting, NorthernBlotting, SouthernCloning, MolecularDNA ReplicationGenetic EngineeringLactococcus lactisMolecular Sequence DataRNA, AntisenseRNA, MessengerReplication OriginSequence Analysis, DNA
B. subtilis---One mutant of B. subtilis 1551 impaired in the catabolism of PGA was obtained after nitrosoguanidine mutagenesis.
Acidovorax facilis---In addition, with three probes highly specific for close relatives of the beta-Proteobacteria Duganella zoogloeoides (formerly Zoogloea ramigera), Acidovorax facilis, and Hydrogenophaga palleroni, bacteria common in activated sludge, 42 to 70% of the beta-Proteobacteria were identified.
A. tumefaciens---Iron-binding compounds were produced in various amounts in response to iron starvation by a collection of Agrobacterium strains belonging to the species A. tumefaciens, A. rhizogenes, and A. vitis.
A. vitis---Iron-binding compounds were produced in various amounts in response to iron starvation by a collection of Agrobacterium strains belonging to the species A. tumefaciens, A. rhizogenes, and A. vitis.
Sulfolobus solfataricus---Genome sequencing of the thermophilic archaeon Pyrococcus horikoshii OT3 revealed a gene which had high sequence similarity to the gene encoding the carboxypeptidase of Sulfolobus solfataricus and also to that encoding the aminoacylase from Bacillus stearothermophilus.
Crassostrea virginica---Oysters (Crassostrea virginica) were collected monthly from May 1998 to April 1999 from Mobile Bay, Ala., and analyzed to determine Vibrio parahaemolyticus densities at zero time and after 5, 10, and 24 h of postharvest storage at 26 degrees C. After 24 h of storage at 26 degrees C, oysters were transferred to a refrigerator at 3 degrees C and then analyzed 14 to 17 days later.
V. parahaemolyticus---The V. parahaemolyticus numbers were determined by the most-probable-number procedure using alkaline phosphatase-labeled DNA probe VPAP, which targets the species-specific thermolabile hemolysin gene (tlh), to identify suspect isolates (MPN-VPAP procedure).
V. parahaemolyticus---The two direct plating methods in which nonradioactive DNA probes were used were equivalent to the MPN-VPAP procedure for identification of total V. parahaemolyticus, and they were more rapid and less labor-intensive.
Flavobacterium psychrophilum---Antigenic characterization of the fish pathogen Flavobacterium psychrophilum.
Flavobacterium psychrophilum---The psychrotroph Flavobacterium psychrophilum is the etiological agent of rainbow trout fry syndrome and bacterial cold water disease, septicemic diseases that heavily impact salmonids.
Lactococcus lactis---Amino Acid SequenceBacteriophagesBase SequenceDNA HelicasesDNA ReplicationDNA, ViralDNA-Binding ProteinsLactococcus lactisMolecular Sequence DataMutationOpen Reading FramesReplication OriginSequence Analysis, DNATrans-ActivatorsViral Proteins
Lactococcus lactis---Cloning of genomic DNA of Lactococcus lactis that restores phage sensitivity to an unusual bacteriophage sk1-resistant mutant.
Lactococcus lactis---An unusual, spontaneous, phage sk1-resistant mutant (RMSK1/1) of Lactococcus lactis C2 apparently blocks phage DNA entry into the host.
Lactococcus lactis---Amino Acid SequenceBacterial ProteinsBacteriophagesBase SequenceCloning, MolecularDNA, BacterialEnzymesGenome, BacterialGlycoside HydrolasesLactococcus lactisMolecular Sequence DataMuramidaseMutationSequence Analysis, DNA
B. clausii---Moreover, we provide evidence that in contrast to several reference strains of B. clausii, the strains constituting Enterogermina are characterized by a notable low level of intraspecific genome diversity and that each strain has remained the same for the last 25 years.
Lactococcus lactis---An active chimeric protein was constructed by fusion of L. citreum Mur to the C-terminal repeat-containing domain (cA) of AcmA, the major autolysin of Lactococcus lactis.
Lactococcus lactis---Amino Acid SequenceBase SequenceCloning, MolecularEscherichia coliLactococcus lactisLeuconostocMolecular Sequence DataMuramidaseN-Acetylmuramoyl-L-alanine AmidaseRecombinant Fusion ProteinsSequence Analysis, DNA
Sclerotinia sclerotiorum---During sclerotial infection of Sclerotinia sclerotiorum the mycoparasite Coniothyrium minitans penetrates through the host cell wall, which contains beta-1,3-glucan as its major component.
Ostrinia nubilalis---Binding analyses of Bacillus thuringiensis Cry delta-endotoxins using brush border membrane vesicles of Ostrinia nubilalis.
Ostrinia nubilalis---Transgenic corn expressing the Bacillus thuringiensis Cry1Ab gene is highly insecticidal to Ostrinia nubilalis (European corn borer) larvae.
O. nubilalis---We ascertained whether Cry1F, Cry9C, or Cry9E recognizes the Cry1Ab binding site on the O. nubilalis brush border by three approaches.
Xylella fastidiosa---Genetic diversity of Pierce's disease strains and other pathotypes of Xylella fastidiosa.
Xylella fastidiosa---Strains of Xylella fastidiosa isolated from grape, almond, maple, and oleander were characterized by enterobacterial repetitive intergenic consensus sequence-, repetitive extragenic palindromic element (REP)-, and random amplified polymorphic DNA (RAPD)-PCR; contour-clamped homogeneous electric field (CHEF) gel electrophoresis; plasmid content; and sequencing of the 16S-23S rRNA spacer region.
Lactococcus lactis---Bacterial ProteinsBacteriophagesBase SequenceCadmiumCobaltDrug Resistance, MicrobialElectroporationFood MicrobiologyGenetic MarkersIntronsLactococcus lactisMolecular Sequence DataOpen Reading FramesPlasmidsSequence Analysis, DNATransformation, Bacterial
Pseudozyma flocculosa---Specificity and mode of action of the antifungal fatty acid cis-9-heptadecenoic acid produced by Pseudozyma flocculosa.
Pseudozyma flocculosa---cis-9-Heptadecenoic acid (CHDA), an antifungal fatty acid produced by the biocontrol agent Pseudozyma flocculosa, was studied for its effects on growth and/or spore germination in fungi.
P. flocculosa---A structural mechanism of CHDA, consistent with the other related antifungal fatty acids produced by P. flocculosa, is proposed in light of its activity and specificity.
B. cepacia---A polyphasic taxonomic study involving DNA-DNA hybridization, whole-cell protein electrophoresis, and 16S ribosomal DNA sequence analysis revealed that a group of Burkholderia cepacia-like organisms isolated from the rhizosphere or tissues of maize, wheat, and lupine belong to B. cepacia genomovar III, a genomic species associated with &quot;cepacia syndrome&quot; in cystic fibrosis patients.
B. cepacia---The present study also revealed considerable protein electrophoretic heterogeneity within this species and demonstrated that the B. cepacia complex consists of two independent phylogenetic lineages.
Acetobacter pasteurianus---The 16S ribosomal DNA sequences of strains belonging to each group showed similarities of more than 99% with Acetobacter pasteurianus.
B. licheniformis---Although extracellular gamma-glutamyltranspeptidase (GGT) activity was always present in PGA-producing cultures of B. licheniformis under various growth conditions, there was no correlation between the quantity of PGA and enzyme activity.
B. subtilis---Moreover, the synthesis of PGA in the absence of detectable GGT activity in B. subtilis S317 indicated that this enzyme was not involved in PGA biosynthesis in this bacterium.
B. licheniformis---Glutamate repression of PGA biosynthesis may offer a simple means of preventing unwanted slime production in industrial fermentations using B. licheniformis.
Rhizobium gallicum---Since LMW RNA profiles, determined by staircase electrophoresis, varied across the rhizobial species nodulating beans, we demonstrated that bean isolates recovered from Spanish soils presumptively could be characterized as Rhizobium etli, Rhizobium gallicum, Rhizobium giardinii, Rhizobium leguminosarum bv.
Rhizobium leguminosarum---Since LMW RNA profiles, determined by staircase electrophoresis, varied across the rhizobial species nodulating beans, we demonstrated that bean isolates recovered from Spanish soils presumptively could be characterized as Rhizobium etli, Rhizobium gallicum, Rhizobium giardinii, Rhizobium leguminosarum bv.
Histoplasma capsulatum---These results are discussed in relation to the structures of GIPCs of other mycopathogens, including Histoplasma capsulatum and Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
Paracoccidioides brasiliensis---These results are discussed in relation to the structures of GIPCs of other mycopathogens, including Histoplasma capsulatum and Paracoccidioides brasiliensis.
Crassostrea virginica---We found that the hepatopancreas of oyster, Crassostrea virginica, contained a sialidase capable of releasing Neu5Gc from the novel polysialic acid chain (-->5-O(glycolyl)Neu5Gcalpha2-->)n more efficiently than from the conventional type of polysialic acid chains, (-->8Neu5Acalpha2-->)n, or (-->8Neu5Gcalpha2-->)n. We have partially purified this novel sialidase and compared its reactivity with that of microbial sialidases using four different sialic acid dimers, Neu5Gcalpha2-->5-O(glycolyl)Neu5Gc (Gg2), Neu5Acalpha2-->8Neu5Ac (A2), Neu5Gcalpha2-->8Neu5Gc (G2), and KDNalpha2-->8KDN (K2) as substrates.
Arabidopsis thaliana---For example, exposure to high levels of glucose or sucrose inhibits early seedling development of Arabidopsis thaliana (L.) Heynh.
Geobacillus stearothermophilus---Amino Acid OxidoreductasesAmino Acid SequenceBinding SitesElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelGeobacillus stearothermophilusHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationIsoleucineLeucineLeucine DehydrogenaseMolecular Sequence DataOxygenPeptidesPlasmidsProtein Structure, TertiarySubstrate SpecificityTemperatureValine
Acidianus ambivalens---Acidianus ambivalens Complex II typifies a novel family of succinate dehydrogenases.
Acidianus ambivalens---Complex II from the thermoacidophilic archaeon Acidianus ambivalens, an archetype of an emerging class of succinate dehydrogenases (SDH), was extracted from intact membranes and purified to homogeneity.
Thermoplasma acidophilum---Occurrence of D-Amino Acids and a pyridoxal 5'-phosphate-dependent aspartate racemase in the acidothermophilic archaeon, Thermoplasma acidophilum.
Thermoplasma acidophilum---In the acidothermophilic archaeon, Thermoplasma acidophilum, the proportion of D-aspartate (D-Asp) to total Asp was as high as 39.7%.
Thermoplasma acidophilum---Crude extracts of Thermoplasma acidophilum had Asp-specific racemase activity that was pyridoxal 5'-phosphate (PLP)-dependent.
Thermoplasma acidophilum---Thus, high levels of d-Asp should be produced by a new type(s) of Asp-specific racemase in Thermoplasma acidophilum, although the function of d-Asp in this archaeon remains unknown.
C. glabrata---Consequently, infections with resistant yeast-like fungi such as C. lusitaniae, C. krusei, C. tropicalis, C. glabrata and Trichosporon ovoides (T. beigelii) have recently been reported with greater frequency.
C. tropicalis---Consequently, infections with resistant yeast-like fungi such as C. lusitaniae, C. krusei, C. tropicalis, C. glabrata and Trichosporon ovoides (T. beigelii) have recently been reported with greater frequency.
A. fumigatus---B-cell deficient and IgE knockout mice exposed to A. fumigatus antigens showed airway response similar to wild type mice indicating a lesser role for IgE and other antibodies in the pathogenesis of murine experimental ABPA.
A. fumigatus---The major problems in the diagnosis of A. fumigatus induced diseases are due to the lack of standardized and well characterized fungal extracts.
A. tamarii---In RAST inhibition assays using pooled sera ofpatients sensitive to A. tamarii dose related inhibition was produced by homologous as well as 5 of the 12 heterologous species.
A. tamarii---Similarly, in A. terreus RAST inhibition was observed with homologous and A. tamarii extracts only.
A. terreus---Similarly, in A. terreus RAST inhibition was observed with homologous and A. tamarii extracts only.
A. tamarii---In TDIEP experiments using rabbit antisera to A. tamarii and A. terreus extracts multiple precipitin bands were observed with the homologous extracts.
A. terreus---In TDIEP experiments using rabbit antisera to A. tamarii and A. terreus extracts multiple precipitin bands were observed with the homologous extracts.
C. albicans---In an experimental mouse model, this vaccination was found to confer significant protection against systemic and mucosal infection with C. albicans.
Histoplasma capsulatum---The natural immunity to Histoplasma capsulatum infection is primarily mediated by natural killer cells, endothelial cells and platelets but mechanisms of intercellular communication and their interactions with the pathogen are not clearly defined.
Histoplasma capsulatum var---Classical histoplasmosis caused by Histoplasma capsulatum var.
H. capsulatum var---capsulatum, and African histoplasmosis caused by H. capsulatum var.
Histoplasma capsulatum var---In South Africa, only classical histoplasmosis caused by Histoplasma capsulatum var.
Histoplasma capsulatum var---Histoplasma capsulatum var.
H. capsulatum var---African histoplasmosis caused by H. capsulatum var.
Absidia corymbifera---gatti in an AIDS patient,fungal peritonitis due to Absidia corymbifera in a patient on peritoneal dialysis, and endocarditis due to Aspergillus terreus detected by direct microscopic examination and culture of the blood clot are some of the notable cases diagnosed during the period under review.
C. albicans---The predominance of Candida species other than C. albicans as bloodstream pathogens is another noteworthy observation.
A. flavus---In our series A. flavus (80%) was the commonest isolate, followed by A.fumigatus (9.7%), Rhizopus arrhizus (6.3%) and Alternaria spp.
A.fumigatus---In our series A. flavus (80%) was the commonest isolate, followed by A.fumigatus (9.7%), Rhizopus arrhizus (6.3%) and Alternaria spp.
Curvularia lunata---Curvularia lunata, Apophysomyces elegans and Candida albicans were isolated from one patient each.
Conidiobolus coronatus---Zygomycosis due to Conidiobolus coronatus in west Bengal.
Conidiobolus coronatus---Zygomycosis of upper respiratory tract, caused by Conidiobolus coronatus, in eight Bengalee males and one female is described.
C. coronatus---The cases described here constitute the first report on zygomycosis due to C. coronatus from North-eastern India.
C. albicans---Sterilized juices of the same vegetables and fruits also supported adequate growth of the reference C. neoformans isolate as well as of C. albicans and C. viswanathii.
C. viswanathii---Sterilized juices of the same vegetables and fruits also supported adequate growth of the reference C. neoformans isolate as well as of C. albicans and C. viswanathii.
P. carinii---In a six and a half year period starting with 1992, a total of 204 samples including bronchial aspirates, induced sputum and suction catheter tips were examined for P. carinii by direct microscopic examination of Giemsa's and toluidine 'O' stained smears.
P. carinii---In all 24 (11.8%) of 204 samples were positive for P. carinii.
C. albicans---Induction of germ tube in C. albicans in supplemented tissue culture medium containing normal serum was 15 per cent.
C. albicans---These observations indicate that immunisation/sensitisation of individuals with C. albicans organisms does provide some degree of cell mediated immunity by activating macrophages.
C. albicans---It is likely that this type of immunity can be produced by subclinical infections during invasion by the commensal organism thus preventing further invasion establishment of infection and keeping the organism (C. albicans) in a state of commensalism.
Larus modestus---Reduced oxygen diffusion across the shell of Gray gull (Larus modestus) eggs.
Larus modestus---Gray gulls, Larus modestus, nest 1500 m above sea level in northern Chile's Atacama Desert, one of the driest in the world.
Larus argentatus---The oxygen consumption (MO2) of Larus modestus is 66% that of Larus argentatus; the oxygen conductance (GO2) is equivalent to 48% of that obtained in 5 other bird species.
Larus modestus---The oxygen consumption (MO2) of Larus modestus is 66% that of Larus argentatus; the oxygen conductance (GO2) is equivalent to 48% of that obtained in 5 other bird species.
Larus modestus---The oxygen partial pressure (PAO2) in the air chamber of Larus modestus (84 Torr) is lower than that of 10 other bird species whose average (PAO2) is 106 Torr.
Larus modestus---The CO2 partial pressure (PACO2) in the air chamber of Larus modestus is 68 Torr, a higher value than that found in 9 other bird species whose average (PACO2) is 39 Torr.
Panicum miliaceum---Wheat (Triticum aestivum) and rye (Secale cereale), as well as millet (Panicum miliaceum) that, along with buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), were replaced by potatoes in the modern times were the most important.
Triticum aestivum---Wheat (Triticum aestivum) and rye (Secale cereale), as well as millet (Panicum miliaceum) that, along with buckwheat (Fagopyrum esculentum), were replaced by potatoes in the modern times were the most important.
A. flavus---Culture of the 36 samples of corn resulted in growth of 55 colonies of A. flavus from all but two (1 and 6) of the 9 varieties.
A. flavus---Of the 55 colonies of A. flavus obtained, 15 (27.3%) were toxigenic.
Treponema pallidum---AdolescentCochlear NerveDiagnosis, DifferentialEaracheFacial NerveFacial ParalysisFemaleFunctional LateralityHeadacheHumansNeurosyphilisTreponema pallidum
N.brasiliensis---[Tanfelam: synthesis, study of ovicidal activity, and acute toxicity]The papers describes the synthesis of N-(2-piperidinoethyl)-N-tosyl-n-anisidine (Tanfelam) which showed a 100% ovicidal activity when tested by the Harada and Mori methods (in vitro inhibited N.brasiliensis hatching and development test).
H. asiaticum---[The impact of electromagnetic radiation at microwave frequency (9.8 HhZ)on the embryonic and postembryonic development of the tick Hyalomma asiaticum (Acarina, Ixodidae)]Low-power (20 microW/cm2) microwave-modulated radiation at a carrier frequency of 9.8 Hhz is shown to affect the course and specific features of ontogenesis of the ick H. asiaticum.
Hyalomma asiaticum---[The impact of electromagnetic radiation at microwave frequency (9.8 HhZ)on the embryonic and postembryonic development of the tick Hyalomma asiaticum (Acarina, Ixodidae)]Low-power (20 microW/cm2) microwave-modulated radiation at a carrier frequency of 9.8 Hhz is shown to affect the course and specific features of ontogenesis of the ick H. asiaticum.
H. asiaticum---The actin of microwave radiation on the development of H. asiaticum substantially depends on the frequency of microwave modulation of a signal and on the temperatures of an experiment.
H. asiaticum---The hungry species of all developmental phases in H. asiaticum were virtually unresponsive to exposures.
H. asiaticum---At 14 degrees C (a perithreshold temperature of H. asiaticum development), the action of microwave radiation changed from inhibitory to stimulating.
H.asiaticum---Whether the size of a H.asiaticum population can be controlled by a radar that provokes the development of ticks before winter by its radiation is discussed.
A. triticium---Three new genera are created: Rudaemannia n. gen., Bursaustium n. gen. and Yucothrombium n. gen. Erythraeus kresnensis, Charletonia cardinalis, Podothrombium proti, Allothrombium fuliginosum and A. triticium are new to the fauna of Turkey; Hauptmannia wratislaviensis is new to the fauna of Scotland.
Hauptmannia wratislaviensis---Three new genera are created: Rudaemannia n. gen., Bursaustium n. gen. and Yucothrombium n. gen. Erythraeus kresnensis, Charletonia cardinalis, Podothrombium proti, Allothrombium fuliginosum and A. triticium are new to the fauna of Turkey; Hauptmannia wratislaviensis is new to the fauna of Scotland.
H. silesiacus---New localities in Poland are given for H. stanislavae and H. silesiacus and in Turkey for Rudaemannia rudeansis.
C. bucephalia---Charletonia tamarae is synonymous to C. bucephalia; Hauptmannia victicola is synonymons to R. rudaensis.
Piscicola fasciata---Variability of the reproductive system of Piscicola fasciata (Kollar, 1842 (Hirudinea, Piscicolidae).
P. fasciata---The studies on the reproductive system of P. fasciata were based on 43 specimens.
C. tropicalis---Trofozoites of Trichomonas tenax and/or Entamoeba gingivalis as well as fungi (Candida albicans, C. krusei, C. tropicalis and C. pseudotropicalis) occurred in 10% of the examined patients.
C. guilliermondii---In stool common invasion of parasites sensu lato (Giardia intestinalis, Entamoeba coli, Ascaris lumbricoides, Taenia sp., Enterobius vermicularis as well as Candida albicans, C. krusei, C. pseudotropicalis, C. guilliermondii and Rhodotorula sp.) were found in 12% of the patiens.
C. albicans---C. albicans was the most often co-occurring species in alimentary tract.
Contracaecum rudolphii---[Contracaecum rudolphii Hartwich, 1964 (Nematoda: Anisakidae) in the great cormorants in Poland]It is the first report on Nematoda Contracaecum rudolphii in the great cormorants Phalacrocorax carbo (Linneus, 1758) in Poland.
T. canis---T. canis was recorded in 3.4% and 8.8% of stray dogs from the shelters and in 0.4% of animals from flats.
Borrelia garinii---The species B. burgdorferi s. l. comprises at least three pathogenic genomospecies, B. burgdorferi sensu stricto (s. s.), Borrelia garinii, and Borerelia afzelii, witch could be distinguished in nested-PCR tests with species-specific primers.
B. afzelii---B. burgdorferi s. s. was most prevalent (96% of infected ticks), followed by B. garinii (1.3%), and B. afzelii.
B. garinii---B. burgdorferi s. s. was most prevalent (96% of infected ticks), followed by B. garinii (1.3%), and B. afzelii.
Acrocephalus schoenobaenus---sp. (Protozoa: Apicomplexa; Hemogregarina) from the sedge warbler, Acrocephalus schoenobaenus (Aves: Passeriformes).
Acrocephalus schoenobaenus---New species, Hepatozoon kabeeni was described in blood of Sedge Warbler Acrocephalus schoenobaenus.
Diplostomum spathaceum---Nine-spined stickleback was noted as a new host in Polish coastal water for five parasites: Glugea anomala (Microsporidia), Diplostomum spathaceum (Digenea-metacercariae) and Apatemon sp. (Digenea-incysted metacercariae), Hysterothylacium aduncum (Nematoda-third stage larvae) and Thersitina gasterostci (Copepoda).
Hysterothylacium aduncum---Nine-spined stickleback was noted as a new host in Polish coastal water for five parasites: Glugea anomala (Microsporidia), Diplostomum spathaceum (Digenea-metacercariae) and Apatemon sp. (Digenea-incysted metacercariae), Hysterothylacium aduncum (Nematoda-third stage larvae) and Thersitina gasterostci (Copepoda).
Cooperia pectinata---Five species of them Ostertagia leptospicularis, O. kolchida, Spiculopteragia boehmi, Cooperia pectinata and Ashworthius sidemi are thypical parasites of Cervides, and from them were infected bison in Bieszczady.
Gymnocephalus cernuus---[Helminths fauna of fishes in the Maa Panew river drainage basin]A parasitological investigation was made at 420 fishes from 10 species: Perca fluviatilis L., Gymnocephalus cernuus (L.), Gobio gobio (L.), Tinca tinca (L.), Leuciscus idus (L), Noemacheilus barbatulus (L.), Lota lota (L.), Leucaspisus delineatus (HECKELL 843), Blicca biorkna (L.) and Rhodeus sericeus amarus (BLOCH 1782).
Acanthocephalus lucii---In examined fishes the following parasite species were found: Diplostomum spathaceum (RUDOLPHI 1819)--metacercaria; Tylodelphys podicipina KOZICKA et NIEWIADOMSKA, 1960--metacercaria, Asymphyllodora tincae (MODER 1790); Bunodera luciopercae (MULLER 1776); Triaenophorus nodulosus (PALLAS 1781)--plerocercoid; Proteocephalus cernue (GMELIN 1790); Camallanus lacustris (ZOEGA 1776); Neoechinorhynchus rutili (MULLER 1780); Echinorhynchus borealis (LINSTOW 1901); Acanthocephalus lucii (MULLER 1776) and Pomphorhynchus laevis (MULLER 1776).
Camallanus lacustris---In examined fishes the following parasite species were found: Diplostomum spathaceum (RUDOLPHI 1819)--metacercaria; Tylodelphys podicipina KOZICKA et NIEWIADOMSKA, 1960--metacercaria, Asymphyllodora tincae (MODER 1790); Bunodera luciopercae (MULLER 1776); Triaenophorus nodulosus (PALLAS 1781)--plerocercoid; Proteocephalus cernue (GMELIN 1790); Camallanus lacustris (ZOEGA 1776); Neoechinorhynchus rutili (MULLER 1780); Echinorhynchus borealis (LINSTOW 1901); Acanthocephalus lucii (MULLER 1776) and Pomphorhynchus laevis (MULLER 1776).
Diplostomum spathaceum---In examined fishes the following parasite species were found: Diplostomum spathaceum (RUDOLPHI 1819)--metacercaria; Tylodelphys podicipina KOZICKA et NIEWIADOMSKA, 1960--metacercaria, Asymphyllodora tincae (MODER 1790); Bunodera luciopercae (MULLER 1776); Triaenophorus nodulosus (PALLAS 1781)--plerocercoid; Proteocephalus cernue (GMELIN 1790); Camallanus lacustris (ZOEGA 1776); Neoechinorhynchus rutili (MULLER 1780); Echinorhynchus borealis (LINSTOW 1901); Acanthocephalus lucii (MULLER 1776) and Pomphorhynchus laevis (MULLER 1776).
Echinorhynchus borealis---In examined fishes the following parasite species were found: Diplostomum spathaceum (RUDOLPHI 1819)--metacercaria; Tylodelphys podicipina KOZICKA et NIEWIADOMSKA, 1960--metacercaria, Asymphyllodora tincae (MODER 1790); Bunodera luciopercae (MULLER 1776); Triaenophorus nodulosus (PALLAS 1781)--plerocercoid; Proteocephalus cernue (GMELIN 1790); Camallanus lacustris (ZOEGA 1776); Neoechinorhynchus rutili (MULLER 1780); Echinorhynchus borealis (LINSTOW 1901); Acanthocephalus lucii (MULLER 1776) and Pomphorhynchus laevis (MULLER 1776).
Triaenophorus nodulosus---In examined fishes the following parasite species were found: Diplostomum spathaceum (RUDOLPHI 1819)--metacercaria; Tylodelphys podicipina KOZICKA et NIEWIADOMSKA, 1960--metacercaria, Asymphyllodora tincae (MODER 1790); Bunodera luciopercae (MULLER 1776); Triaenophorus nodulosus (PALLAS 1781)--plerocercoid; Proteocephalus cernue (GMELIN 1790); Camallanus lacustris (ZOEGA 1776); Neoechinorhynchus rutili (MULLER 1780); Echinorhynchus borealis (LINSTOW 1901); Acanthocephalus lucii (MULLER 1776) and Pomphorhynchus laevis (MULLER 1776).
C. catinatum---The most abundant cyathostome species were C. catinatum, C. pateratum, C. longibursatum, C. nassatum and C. coronatus.
C. coronatus---The most abundant cyathostome species were C. catinatum, C. pateratum, C. longibursatum, C. nassatum and C. coronatus.
C. longibursatum---The most abundant cyathostome species were C. catinatum, C. pateratum, C. longibursatum, C. nassatum and C. coronatus.
C. nassatum---The most abundant cyathostome species were C. catinatum, C. pateratum, C. longibursatum, C. nassatum and C. coronatus.
C. pateratum---The most abundant cyathostome species were C. catinatum, C. pateratum, C. longibursatum, C. nassatum and C. coronatus.
B. afzelii---The flagellin PCR primer set reaction was conservative for B. burgdorferi sensu stricto, B. afzelii and B. garinii.
B. garinii---The flagellin PCR primer set reaction was conservative for B. burgdorferi sensu stricto, B. afzelii and B. garinii.
Batracobdella paludosa---]In the light of recent studies (NESEMANN and CSANYI 1995) on the genus Batracobdella (VIRGUIER 1879) Batracobdella paludosa (CARENA 1824)--a component of the Polish fauna--is actually Batracobdelloides moogi (NESEMANN and CSANYI 1995).
Echinococcus granulosus---The treatment covered 6132 subjects infected with: Ascaris lumbricoides, Ancylostoma duodenale, Trichiuris trichiura, Enterobius vermicularis and Echinococcus granulosus.
D. reticulatus---S. scabiei and D. reticulatus occured seldom.
Biomphalaria glabrata---Discriminate analysis of the estimated free fatty acids was done in this study in Biomphalaria alexandrina, Biomphalaria glabrata, and Bulinus truncatus, viz.
Bulinus truncatus---Discriminate analysis of the estimated free fatty acids was done in this study in Biomphalaria alexandrina, Biomphalaria glabrata, and Bulinus truncatus, viz.
Lymnaea truncatula---Lymnaea truncatula and Physa acuta (Schistosoma intermediate and non-intermediate respectively).
B. abortus---The purpose of this study was to evaluate the immunologic responses of cattle to a commercially available SRB51 vaccine and to characterize the efficacy of the vaccine to protect against abortion or infection after midgestational challenge with virulent B. abortus strain 2308 (S2308).
Alopecia mucinosa---Alopecia mucinosa and lymphoma.
Alopecia mucinosa---Alopecia mucinosa appears morphologically in any variety of three basic clinical types: grouped folliculopapules, plaque forms of folliculopapules, and as boggy nodular masses.
Ancylostoma caninum---Effect of thiabendazole on Ancylostoma caninum.
Tradescantia paludosa---The data are presented on a study of the effect of space flight factors, particularly of weightlessness and radiation, on the fertilization, growth and development of Drosophila melanogaster and on the mechanism of heredity in Tradescantia paludosa.
Prymnesium parvum---The ichthyotoxin from Prymnesium parvum caused a slow contraction of the guinea-pig isolated ileum preparation, followed by decreased sensitivity to acetylcholine and to 5-hydroxytryptamine.
Prymnesium parvum---The crude extract of Prymnesium parvum may contain a mixture of active substances with different pharmacological actions.
C. immitis---During the first 3 years, C. immitis was recovered in profusion from the spring samples, but during the next 4 years the fungus virtually disappeared from this endemic area.
C. immitis---C. immitis reappeared in the spring of the final year of this study.
C. immitis---Chemical analysis of soils showed a marked elevation of the soluble salts (principally Na, Ca, SO(4), and Cl) during those years when C. immitis was recovered.
C. immitis---The soluble salts, expressed in terms of the saturation extract conductivity, ranged from 11 to 27 in those spring seasons when C. immitis was recovered, and from 3.5 to 8.8 when it was not found.
C. immitis---This degree of correlation indicates that the high level of surface salinity encouraged the growth of C. immitis, and could be a factor in accounting for the spotty distribution of this fungus within endemic areas.
Clostridium tetanomorphum---Factors affecting the formation of cobamide coenzymes in Clostridium tetanomorphum.
Clostridium tetanomorphum---1964.-Tests were carried out to determine the optimal culture conditions for the production of cobamide coenzymes in Clostridium tetanomorphum strain H1.
B. cereus---During autolytic depolymerization of B. cereus cell wall, two major components were solubilized at different rates.
C. novyi---In vitro tests were used to measure alpha-, theta-, and mu-toxins of Clostridium perfringens and the epsilon-toxin of C. novyi.
C. novyi---Mice were not protected by typing antisera specific for types A, C, or D C. perfringens or C. septicum but were protected by antisera specific for type B C. perfringens and types A and B C. novyi.
C. septicum---Mice were not protected by typing antisera specific for types A, C, or D C. perfringens or C. septicum but were protected by antisera specific for type B C. perfringens and types A and B C. novyi.
Francisella tularensis---Comparative studies of Francisella tularensis and Francisella novicida.
Francisella tularensis---1964.-Comparative studies of various properties of Francisella tularensis (= Pasteurella tularensis) and F. novicida were performed.
Pasteurella tularensis---1964.-Comparative studies of various properties of Francisella tularensis (= Pasteurella tularensis) and F. novicida were performed.
F. tularensis---Growth of both was markedly enhanced by addition of cystine to media, but F. novicida is less fastidious than F. tularensis.
F. tularensis---The virulence of F. novicida for mice and cavies is lower than that of fresh isolates of F. tularensis.
Francisella tularensis---Antigen-Antibody ReactionsComplement Fixation TestsFrancisella tularensisHemagglutinationHemagglutination Inhibition TestsImmune SeraImmunodiffusionMicePasteurellaRabbitsSkin TestsSpecies SpecificityVaccines
A. agilis---A. agilis (vinelandii) was grown in Burk's nitrogen-free medium from which one mineral, or a combination of two minerals, was omitted.
Arabidopsis thaliana---Seven biological systems in resting state (Bacillus subtilis spores, Colpoda cucullus cysts, Arabidopsis thaliana seeds, and eggs of Artemia salina, Tribolium castaneum and of Carausius morosus) were accommodated in the two Biostacks.
Carausius morosus---Seven biological systems in resting state (Bacillus subtilis spores, Colpoda cucullus cysts, Arabidopsis thaliana seeds, and eggs of Artemia salina, Tribolium castaneum and of Carausius morosus) were accommodated in the two Biostacks.
Tribolium castaneum---Seven biological systems in resting state (Bacillus subtilis spores, Colpoda cucullus cysts, Arabidopsis thaliana seeds, and eggs of Artemia salina, Tribolium castaneum and of Carausius morosus) were accommodated in the two Biostacks.
Arabidopsis thaliana---In contrast, the growth of hit Vicia faba radiculae and the germination of hit Arabidopsis thaliana seeds and hit Bacillus subtilis spores were not influenced remarkably.
Arabidopsis thaliana---After penetrating the Biostack capsule, some of the HZE particles hit the biological objects carried: bacterial spores (Bacillus subtilis), seeds (Arabidopsis thaliana and Vicia faba), and shrimp eggs (Artemia salina).
Carausius morosus---In addition, eggs of Tribolium confusum and Carausius morosus, which were included in Biostack 2 (Apollo 17), have been investigated, and the influence of single heavy ions on the development process of these highly organized insects has been studied.
C. capillaris---The post-radiation treatment of C. capillaris seeds with the dynamic factors did not change the rate of chromosome aberrations significantly (from 15.57% to 15.90%).
Spisula solidissima---The eggs of the surf clam Spisula solidissima were artificially activated, homogenized at various times in cold 0.5 M MES buffer, 1mM EGTA at pH 6.5, and microtubule polymerization was induced by raising the temperature to 28 degrees C. In homogenates of unactivated eggs few microtubules form and no asters are observed.
Ambystoma maculatum---To investigate whether the CSM also has a morphogenetic role, embryos of the amphibian Ambystoma maculatum were examined ultrastructurally throughout the stages of neurulation.
Treponema pallidum---Results of Venereal Disease Research Laboratory (VDRL) or other reagin tests should become negative or remain at very low titer following adequate therapy, although results of Treponema pallidum immobilization (TPI) and fluorescent treponemal antibody-absorbed (FTA-ABS) tests often remain positive.
Treponema pallidum---CephalexinCephaloridineCephalosporinsChloramphenicolDrug HypersensitivityErythromycinFemaleFeverFluorescent Antibody TechniqueFollow-Up StudiesHumansNeurosyphilisPenicillin G BenzathinePenicillinsPregnancyPregnancy Complications, InfectiousPregnancy Trimester, FirstSyphilisSyphilis SerodiagnosisSyphilis, CardiovascularSyphilis, CongenitalSyphilis, LatentTetracyclineTreponema pallidumUnited States
Agaricus bisporus---Cytostatic, cytocidal and potential antitumor properties of a class of quinoid compounds, initiators of the dormant state in the spores of Agaricus bisporus.
Agaricus bisporus---Evidence indicates that dormancy is initiated in the spores of Agaricus bisporus by two quinoid compounds that appear in the zygote during the prodromal period of sporulation.
Lactobacillus plantarum---2-Chlorotyrosine and 2-bromotyrosine, as well as the previously reported 2-fluorotyrosine, were synthesized by hydrolysis of the condensation products from the appropriate benzyl bromide and ethyl acetamidomalonate and were compared with the corresponding 3-halotyrosines as growth inhibitors of Escherichia coli 9723, Streptococcus faecalis 8043 and Lactobacillus plantarum 8014.
M. kansasii---An elderly patient with chronic bronchitis and a pulmonary infection due to M. kansasii was treated successfully with antiuberculosis agents alone.
Corynebacterium parvum---Inhibitory effect of prolonged Corynebacterium parvum and cyclophosphamide administration on the growth of established tumors.
C. parvum---The present study was carried out to investigate the effects of prolonged administration of C. parvum alone and in combination with cyclophosphamide for the treatment of established, measurable C3H tumors.
C. parvum---The continued weekly administration of C. parvum by itself provided a limited but significant inhibitory effect on tumor growth and significantly prolonged survival.
C. parvum---When C. parvum was administered asynchronously in combination with cyclophosphamide at weekly intervals a tumor growth inhibitory effect was achieved which was greater than that resulting from either agent along.
C. parvum---When cyclophosphamide preceded the initial C. parvum administration, arrest in the rate of tumor growth occurred, resulting in infinite tumor doubling time for the duration of observation (greater than 90 days).
C. parvum---The combination of C. parvum and cyclophosphamide produced a more effective inhibition of tumor growth than did BCG and cyclophosphamide similarly employed.
C. parvum---While the significance and genesis of the marked desmoplastic reaction characterizing tumors from animals treated with C. parvum and cyclophosphamide is at present speculative, consideration is given to the possibility that this could signify a host response against tumor growth.
Corynebacterium parvum---The effects of specific dead tumor cell immunization and nonspecific immunostimulation with Corynebacterium parvum on the s.c. growth of the line 1 carcinoma in syngeneic BALB/c mice have been studied.
C. parvum---Treatment of the mice with 0.25 mg of C. parvum 7 days prior to transplant of the tumor had no effect on its growth by itself; but in combination with i.v.-injected tumor cells, which themselves had no effect on tumor growth, a 45% inhibition of tumor growth was induced.
Acremonium potronii---Recurrent keratitis due to Acremonium potronii.
Acremonium potronii---Cultures were positive for Acremonium potronii, the same fungus isolated from the original corneal laceration eight months previously.
Acanthamoeba castellanii---Enzymes of phospholipid metabolism in the plasma membrane of Acanthamoeba castellanii.
Acanthamoeba castellanii---Phospholipase A, lyophospholipase, acyl CoA hydrolase, and palmitoyl CoA synthetase are present in the plasma membrane of Acanthamoeba castellanii.
Ambystoma mexicanum---Experimental studies on a lethal gene (1) in the Mexican axolotl, Ambystoma mexicanum.
R. temporaria---Results of these experiments indicate: (a) The energy liberation parallels the PC and ATP breakdown with a proportionality constant of 10.7 kcal/mol; (b) comparably designed experiments with sartorius muscles of R. temporaria revealed that the ratio of energy liberation to PC splitting was significantly greater than that observed in R. pipiens sartorius muscles; (c) there is no systematic difference between experiments in which metabolism was arrested by the hammer apparatus and others using a conventional immersion technique.
B. cereus---When the NaCl concentration is increased, the aw is decreased and, with increased deviation of pH from optimum, more concentrated inoculum of B. cereus cells is needed to assure initiation of growth in culture media and foods.
Aedes albopictus---Plaque production by arboviruses in Singh's Aedes albopictus cells.
Aedes albopictus---We report plaquing tests of 124 virus strains, mostly arboviruses of 21 serological groups, in Singh's line of Aedes albopictus cells.
Acholeplasma axanthum---Altogether 24 strains belonging to Mycoplasma arginini and Acholeplasma axanthum were isolated from tissue cultures, kidneys and sera.
A. laidlawii---The same species were detected from lungs and peribronchial lymph nodes of calves, together with A. laidlawii, A. modicum and M. bovirhinis species.
B. megaterium---Electron microscopic examination of the lysates induced by 5-10 mug/ml of mitomycin in 19 strains of B. megaterium showed them all to contain phages; most of the strains proved polylysogenic.
Phialophora mutabilis---Phialophora mutabilis endocarditis.
Phialophora mutabilis---This is the first reported case of fungal endocarditis due to vegetative growth of Phialophora mutabilis on a prosthetic mitral valve.
Phialophora mutabilis---Culture of this vegetation grew Phialophora mutabilis.
P. mutabilis---Culturally and morphologically, P. mutabilis shows wide variation in pigmentation, colonial and microscopic appearance.
P. mutabilis---P. mutabilis was injected into mice.
Cardiobacterium hominis---A case of subacute bacterial endocarditis in which Cardiobacterium hominis was isolated from the blood of a 55-year old woman who had rheumatic heart disease is reported.
Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans---The morphologic and biochemical properties served to distinguish these organisms from similar bacteria implicated in human disease, such as Haemophilus aphrophilus, Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Streptobacillus moniliformis, and HB-1.
Haemophilus aphrophilus---The morphologic and biochemical properties served to distinguish these organisms from similar bacteria implicated in human disease, such as Haemophilus aphrophilus, Actinobacillus actinomycetemcomitans, Streptobacillus moniliformis, and HB-1.
P. maltophilia---These organisms included apyocyanogenic Pseudomonas aeruginosa, P. fluorescens, P. putida, P. stutzeri, P. maltophilia, P. putrefaciens, P. cepacia, P. alcaligenes, FLAVOBACTERIUM SPECIES, Bordetella bronchiseptica, Acinetobacter anitratum (Herellea vaginicola), A. Iwoffi (Mima polymorpha), Moraxella species, Alcaligenes odorans and Alcaligenes species.
P. putida---These organisms included apyocyanogenic Pseudomonas aeruginosa, P. fluorescens, P. putida, P. stutzeri, P. maltophilia, P. putrefaciens, P. cepacia, P. alcaligenes, FLAVOBACTERIUM SPECIES, Bordetella bronchiseptica, Acinetobacter anitratum (Herellea vaginicola), A. Iwoffi (Mima polymorpha), Moraxella species, Alcaligenes odorans and Alcaligenes species.
V. parahaemolyticus---It is suggested that V. parahaemolyticus might be an important agent of acute gastroenteritis on the coast of West Africa.
A. atlanticus---Of the 1971 strains, all but one were recovered from Aedes atlanticus mosquitoes, and of the 1972 strains all but two were recovered from A. atlanticus.
Aedes atlanticus---Of the 1971 strains, all but one were recovered from Aedes atlanticus mosquitoes, and of the 1972 strains all but two were recovered from A. atlanticus.
A. atlanticus---All A. atlanticus strains were neutralized by Keystone virus mouse hyperimmune ascitic fluid (MHAF).
A. canadensis---All other strains were recovered from A. canadensis mosquitoes.
A. atlanticus---The rate of virus recovery from A. atlanticus remained approximately the same, both between years and during each year studied, even during periods when large numbers of adults were emerging, suggesting that these mosquitoes had emerged infected.
Aedes atlanticus---The high rate of Keystone virus recovery from Aedes atlanticus collected in 1971 and 1972 suggested that these mosquitoes might be emerging infected.
A. atlanticus---To demonstrate the suspected transovarial transmission of this virus, developmental stages of A. atlanticus were collected from the field.
A. atlanticus---Keystone virus was recovered from larvae, reared males and reared females, demonstrating transovarial transmission of the Keystone strain of California encephalitis by A. atlanticus.
Phoniomyia pilicauda---Anhembi, the second virus described, was isolated from pools of mosquitoes (Phoniomyia pilicauda and trichoprosopon pallidiventer), and from a spiny rat (Proechimys iheringi), and was shown to be a new member of the Bunyamwera group.
B. glabrata---Mendelian inheritance and has at least three alleles, as in B. glabrata.
Gnathostoma spinigerum---Acase of urinary gnathostomiasis in a 32-year-old Thai woman, caused by an adult male Gnathostoma spinigerum, is described.
Simulium ochraceum---The most active feeding period of Simulium ochraceum, believed to be the principal vector in Guatemala, had been previously shown to be from 0800 to 1000 hours.
Brugia malayi---Effect of diethylcarbamazine on third stage Brugia malayi larvae in cats.
Brugia malayi---Forty-one experimental and 37 control cats were each infected with 50 Brugia malayi larvae in such a way that a preponderance of the larvae remained localized in the popliteal lymph node or in the lymphatics of the leg draining into that node.
S. haematobium---It failed to induce reactions in monkeys harboring S. haematobium, S. japonicum, or S. intercalatum.
S. intercalatum---It failed to induce reactions in monkeys harboring S. haematobium, S. japonicum, or S. intercalatum.
Schistosoma haematobium---AdolescentAnimalsAntigensChildComplement Fixation TestsGuinea PigsHumansHypersensitivity, DelayedHypersensitivity, ImmediateMacaca mulattaPassive Cutaneous AnaphylaxisPeptide HydrolasesSchistosomaSchistosoma haematobiumSchistosoma mansoniSchistosomiasisSkin TestsSpecies Specificity
Echinococcus granulosus---Chemotherapy of experimental Echinococcus granulosus infection.
Echinococcus granulosus---Physiocochemical properties of a lipoprotein antigen of Echinococcus granulosus.
Mercenaria mercenaria---Proteolysis of paramyosin from Mercenaria mercenaria and properties of its most stable segment.
P. putida---A mutant strain of this organism, P. putida 119, when grown on glucose in the presence of naphthalene, accumulates optically pure (+)-cis-1(R),2(S)-dihydroxy-1,2-dihydronaphthalene in the culture medium.
P. putida---Radiochemical trapping experiments established that this cis dihydrodiol is an intermediate in the metabolism of naphthalene by P. Fluorescens (formerly ATCC, 17483), P. putida (ATCC, 17484), and a Pseudomonas species (NCIB 9816), as well as the parent strain of P. putida described in this report.
P. putida---Several aromatic hydrocarbons are oxidized by cell extracts prepared from naphthalene-grown cells of P. putida.
Acholeplasma laidlawii---V. Release and localization of membrane-bound enzymes in Acholeplasma laidlawii.
Acholeplasma laidlawii---The peripheral membrane protein fraction released by washing Acholeplasma laidlawii membranes with low-ionic strength buffers contained about 50% of the total membrane-bound ribonuclease and deoxyribonuclease activities.
A. laidlawii---Enzyme disposition in the A. laidlawii membrane was studied by comparing the activity of isolated membranes with that of membranes of intact cells after treatment with pronase or with an antiserum to membranes.
Acholeplasma laidlawii---Acholeplasma laidlawiiAdenosine TriphosphatasesBacterial ProteinsCell MembraneDeoxyribonucleasesElectrophoresis, Polyacrylamide GelLipidsMicroscopy, ElectronNADH, NADPH OxidoreductasesPhosphoric Monoester HydrolasesRibonucleases
Bungarus multicinctus---[The blocking action of snake venom polypeptides on the cholinergic mechanisms of leech dorsal muscle]The blocking action of alpha-polypeptides from the venoms of elapid snakes (Bungarus multicinctus and Naja naja siamensis) was studied on leech dorsal muscle.
Alopecia areata---Alopecia areata, autoimmunity, and Down's syndrome.
Alopecia areata---Alopecia areata occurs more often in Down's syndrome than would be expected by chance, sixty cases being found among 1000 patients with this syndrome compared with one case among 1000 subnormal controls.
Saguinus oedipus---Efferent connections of the orbitofrontal cortex in the marmoset (Saguinus oedipus).
Saguinus oedipus---Unilateral partial ablations were made in the orbitofrontal cortex of 4 adult marmosets (Saguinus oedipus) and fiber degeneration was traced using the Nauta-Gygax and Fink-Heimer selective silver impregnation techniques.
Sphaerophorus necrophorus---Cultivation and maintenance of Sphaerophorus necrophorus.
Sphaerophorus necrophorus---Sphaerophorus necrophorus was grown in Medium 156 at 40 pH values ranging from 4.93 to 9.46.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Immunochemical studies on burro antibodies to Histoplasma capsulatum.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Burro antiserum to Histoplasma capsulatum was studied from the viewpoint of precipitating antibody distribution among euglobulins, pseudoglobulins, and immunoglobulin classes.
Chromobacterium lividum---Chromobacterium lividum and a Pseudomonas sp. were grown in pure and mixed continuous culture with and without the clay-mineral, kaolinite.
C. lividum---Irrespective of the growth conditions, C. lividum adhered to the wall of the culture vessel whereas the Pseudomonas sp. showed no such tendency, at least visually.
C. lividum---The ratio between C. lividum and the Pseudomonas sp. was about 20:1 when C. lividum was first established and 1:2 when the Pseudomonas sp. was first grown.
C. lividum---During both pure and mixed continuous culture studies, the addition of kaolinite reduced the C. lividum but not the Pseudomonas sp. population.
B. subtilis---Disc-agar diffusion sensitivity studies were performed against E. coli, E. aerogenes, S. aureus, B. subtilis, and P. aeruginosa with prodigiosin and fractions dissolved in 100% DMSO.
Ceratocystis paradoxa---Purification, properties, and mode of action of hemicellulase I produced by Ceratocystis paradoxa.
Ceratocystis paradoxa---A culture isolate (CP2) of the fungal plant pathogen Ceratocystis paradoxa produces at least five extra-cellular hemicellulases when grown on a medium containing a commercial hemicellulose as inducer.
B. fragilis---However, more PFC reacting with homologous vaccine antigens were detected after parenteral vaccination of SPF mice with nonindigenous E. coli O127:B8, E.coli O14, or B. fragilis than after parenteral vaccination with indigenous E. coli or Bacteroides.
B. fragilis---Engulfment and killing of B. fragilis by PMNs were demonstrated consistently.
B. fragilis---The studies reported here demonstrate the presence of heat-labile serum factors in normal human sera which killed B. fragilis directly and which promote its phagocytosis and killing by PMNs.
Fusobacterium necrophorum---Endotoxic lipopolysachharide (LPS) was obtained from phenol-water extraction of cell walls prepared from mass-cultivated Fusobacterium necrophorum.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Immunological studies on Histoplasma capsulatum.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Alveolar macrophages freshly harvested from normal and immunized rabbits were parasitized with yeast cells and protoplasts of Histoplasma capsulatum.
M. salivarium---Continued incubation demonstrated a tenfold decrease in CFU per milliliter by 4 h. Electron micrographs of incubated mixtures of human leukocytes and M. salivarium showed this mycoplasma to be phagocytized by monocytes and neutrophils whenever mutual contact or pseudopodial formation occurred.
P. mirabilis---Benurestat administration, 25, 50, or 100 mg per kg, caused a decrease in the urinary excretion of ammonia from rats with experimental P. mirabilis genitourinary tract infection.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Other pathogenic fungi such as Cryptococcus neoformans, Histoplasma capsulatum, Blastomyces dermatitidis, Sporotrichum schenckii, and Microsporium gypseum were very susceptible to A25822B.
C. albicans---Parenteral or oral administration of 50 mg/kg of A25822B significantly extended the average survival time of mice infected with C. albicans.
B. subtilis---The genetic analysis indicates two regions of the B. subtilis chromosome involved in the control of the spore outgrowth.
B. megaterium---By inference, the sporulation division septum locus is distal to the ultimate normal cell division septum, i.e., proximal to the &quot;old&quot; pole of the B. megaterium sporangium.
B. abortus---B. abortus (US-19) was found to lack the succeeding enzyme in the pathway and was used to prepare substrate amounts of d-erythrulose 1-phosphate.
Penicillium charlesii---Exocellular glycopeptide from a Penicillium charlesii mutant incapable of growth on D-galactose.
Penicillium charlesii---The compositions of exocellular saccharide-containing polymers from six mutants of Penicillium charlesii incapable of growing on galactose were investigated.
Thermoplasma acidophilum---Ultrastructure of lipopolysaccharide isolated from Thermoplasma acidophilum.
Thermoplasma acidophilum---The fine structure of lipopolysaccharide isolated from Thermoplasma acidophilum was examined by electron microscopy.
T. acidophilum---Results suggest that the lipopolysaccharide from T. acidophilum is morphologically similar to lipopolysaccharide isolated from gram-negative bacteria.
S. faecalis---These and other data demonstrate that the glycerol phosphate polymer of the membrane lipoteichoic acid of S. faecalis (faecium) ATCC 9790 is covalently linked through a phosphodiester bond to phosphatidylkojibiosyl diglyceride.
Aplysia californica---Isolation and characterization of acetylcholinesterase and other particulate proteins in the hemolymph of Aplysia californica.
Aplysia californica---Hemolymph of the marine mollusc, Aplysia californica, contains four large particles: acetylcholinesterase, hemocyanin, a hemagglutinin, and a structure tentatively identified as erythrocurorin.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Turnover of the cell wall peptidoglycan of Lactobacillus acidophilus.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Exponentially growing cultures of Lactobacillus acidophilus strain 60AM Gasser were previously shown to lose about one-third of their cell wall peptidoglycan per generation via turnover (Boothby, D., Daneo-Moore, L., Higgins, M. L., Coyette, J., and Shockman, G. D. (1973) J. Biol.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Amino AcidsCarbon RadioisotopesCell DivisionElectrophoresis, PaperIsotope LabelingLactobacillus acidophilusLysineMuramidasePeptidoglycanRegression AnalysisTime FactorsTritium
Crotalus terrificus terrificus---Low concentrations of phospholipase A from Vipera russelli decrease NGF receptor binding by lowering the number of binding sites, while phospholipase A preparations from Crotalus terrificus terrificus and bee venom do not affect binding.
L. culinaris---The mitogenic lectins, W. floribunda mitogen and L. culinaris hemagglutinin, increased the membrane fluidity upon binding to lymphocyte cell surface within 30 min, whereas the non-mitogenic lectins, W. floribunda hemagglutinin and S. japonica hemagglutinin, did not effect the membrane fluidity.
B. subtilis---The affinity of the enzyme for cell walls devoid of teichoic acid or for cell walls of Bacillus megaterium is much lower than that for B. subtilis cell walls.
B. subtilis---A second homogenous protein has been isolated from B. subtilis which specifically combines with the amidase in a 1:1 molar ratio and stimulates enzyme activity.
L. hardwickii---The intensity ratios of the toxin from L. hardwickii venom were 0.92, 1.0, and 0.84 at 644, 834, and 846 cm-1.
Halobacterium halobium---The proton pump reconstituted with the purple membrane of Halobacterium halobium and acetyl phosphatidylethanolamine was quite active.
Pteridium aquilinum---Observations on the male nucleus during fertilization in the fern Pteridium aquilinum.
Euglena gracilis---Role of zinc in cell division of Euglena gracilis.
Euglena gracilis---Euglena gracilis is a suitable model system to investigate the role of zinc in the process of cell division.
Euglena gracilis---Cell DivisionChloroplastsCytoplasmic GranulesEuglena gracilisMicroscopy, ElectronOrganoidsRNASpectrophotometry, AtomicTritiumUridineZinc
Acheta domesticus---The effect deafferentation has on the morphology of giant interneurons was studied in the abdominal nervous system of crickets (Acheta domesticus).
Oryctolagus cuniculus---Myxomatosis: passive immunity in the offspring of immune rabbits (Oryctolagus cuniculus) infested with fleas (Spilopsyllus cuniculi Dale) and exposed to myxoma virus.
Acalyptophis peronii---The O2 saturation of blood in the dorsal aorta varied between about 30 and 70% during voluntary diving in Acalyptophis peronii and Lapemis hardwickii.
Poephila guttata---The effects of castration on song development in zebra finches (Poephila guttata).
Poephila guttata---Castration of male zebra finches (Poephila guttata, Estrildidae) at ages 9-17 days did not prevent song development, and normal learning occurred after the time of castration.
Torulopsis bacarum---Torulopsis bacarum, Torulopsis pustula and Torulopsis multis-gemmis sp. nov., three new yeasts from soft fruit.
Torulopsis bacarum---Torulopsis pustula was isolated from blackcurrants, Torulopsis bacarum from blackcurrants, strawberries and raspberries, and Torulopsis multis-gemmis from raspberries.
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---Extremely thermophilic acidophilic bacteria convergent with Sulfolobus acidocaldarius.
Sulfolobus acidocaldarius---A series of extremely thermophilic acidophilic bacteria has been characterized as closely resembling the species Sulfolobus acidocaldarius except for a totally different guanosine-cytosine content in the DNA; some conceptual consequences of this situation are discussed.
R. leguminosarum---Under conditions of ammonia or nitrate limitation in a chemostat the assimilation of ammonia by cultures of R. leguminosarum, R. trifolii and R. japonicum proceeded via glutamine synthetase and glutamate synthase.
R. leguminosarum---The coenzyme specificity of glutamate synthase varied according to species, being linked to NADP for the fast-growing R. leguminosarum, R. melitoti, R. phaseoli and R. trifolii but to NAD for the slow-growing R. japonicum and R. lupini.
Phaseolus coccineus---Glutamine synthetase, glutamate synthase and glutamate dehydrogenase activities were assayed in sonicated bacteroid preparations and in the nodule supernatants of Glycine max, Vicia faba, Pisum sativum, Lupinus luteus, Medicago sativa, Phaseolus coccineus and P. vulgaris nodules.
P. coccineus---All bacteroid preparations, except those from M. sativa and P. coccineus, contained glutamate synthase but substantial activities were found only in Glycine max and Lupinus luteus.
Fusarium sambucinum---Enniatin production by Fusarium sambucinum: primary, secondary, and unitary metabolism.
Fusarium sambucinum---Fusarium sambucinum liquid surface cultures on semi-defined medium with glucose as carbon source passed through well-defined phases corresponding to trophophase, idiophase (enniatin production), and a degenerative phase.
Saguinus oedipus---Type-C virus particles in placenta of the cottontop marmoset (Saguinus oedipus).
Saguinus oedipus---Electron microscopy of near-term placentas of two cottontop marmosets (Saguinus oedipus) revealed, in one placenta, the presence of budding and mature C-type virus particles associated with the basal trophoblast.
Mesocricetus auratus---Argyrophilic carcinoids in two Syrian hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus).
Mesocricetus auratus---Argyrophilic carcinoids were found in 2 Syrian hamsters (Mesocricetus auratus).
S. faecalis---Quantitative cultures of the vaginal introitus for Enterobacteriaceae, S. faecalis and P. aeruginosa were compared in 20 premenopausal normal women (200 cultures) to 198 consecutive cultures from 9 premenopausal women in between episodes of bacteriuria.
S. faecalis---Introital colonization in patients susceptible to urinary infections was significantly higher for E. coli (p equals 0.001), S. faecalis (p equals 0.001) and for the presence of any gram-negative pathogens (p equals less than 0.001).
Odocoileus hemionus columbianus---During an 18-year period, 4.1% (34/831) of male deer (Odocoileus hemionus columbianus) killed on a field station during the autumn hunting season had velvet-covered, often misshapen antlers, and at least two deer had testicular atrophy (gonads from most deer were not available for examination).
Taxidea taxus---Calcification of the endocardium of the left artrium, and to a lesser extent the media of the pulmonary artery and aorta, was found associated with nephritis in a badger (Taxidea taxus).
Odocoileus virginianus---Degenerative lesions were found in the skeletal system of 20 to 128 white-tailed deer (Odocoileus virginianus) examined.
Rhipicephalus appendiculatus---Attempted tick transmission of the impala Theileria to a steer using the ixodid tick, Rhipicephalus appendiculatus, was unsuccessful.
Pseudolynchia canariensis---Seasonal occurrence of Haemoproteus columbae Kruse and its vector Pseudolynchia canariensis Bequaert.
Pseudolynchia canariensis---Seasonal prevalence of Haemoproteus columbae and its vector Pseudolynchia canariensis in the feral pigeon (Columba livia) population of Detroit, Michigan has been studied for 5 years.
Phasianus colchicus---Phesants (Phasianus colchicus) and chukars (Alectoris graeca) were inoculated with Venezuelian equine encephalitis virus.
Callorhinus ursinus---A 2-week-old northern fur seal female pup (Callorhinus ursinus) found dead in the Pribilof Islands had an irregular mass at the anterior pole of the right kidney.
Ictalurus punctatus---Infections in channel catfish (Ictalurus punctatus, Rafinesque) induced by the sporozoan Henneguya (Protozoa: Myxosporidea) result in seven known and diverse disease manifestations.
Cervus canadensis---Dictyocaulus viviparus infections in Rocky Mountain elk (Cervus canadensis of Teton Countywere surveyed by fecal analyses during spring, summer and winter  and by fecal analyses and necropsies during fall hunting seasons, 1968-1973.
Myxosoma cerebralis---Whirling disease Myxosoma cerebralis spore concentration using the continuous plankton centrifuge.
Myxosoma cerebralis---A method for concentrating and detecting the spores of the cause of whirling disease (Myxosoma cerebralis) of salmonids is described.
Rhipicephalus appendiculatus---Adult Rhipicephalus appendiculatus ticks, which had engorged as nymphs on buffalo, transmitted fatal Theileria lawrencei infections to cattle.
Odocoileus virginianus---A fourth pair of mandibular molars in a white-tailed deer(Odocoileus virginianus) was located posterior to the third pair.
Treponema pallidum---AdultAntibodies, BacterialAntigen-Antibody ComplexBasement MembraneBiopsyComplement System ProteinsFluorescent Antibody TechniqueGlomerulonephritisHumansHyperplasiaHypertrophyImmunoglobulin GImmunoglobulin MKidney GlomerulusMaleMicroscopy, FluorescencePenicillin G BenzathineSyphilisTreponema pallidum
A. nidulans---The properties of these regulatory mutations and other findings suggest that carbon catabolite repression may be mediated by a negative control system in A. nidulans.
Fasciola hepatica---AnimalsAutoradiographyClimateEcologyEvolutionFasciola hepaticaHistocytochemistryMicroscopy, ElectronMicroscopy, Phase-ContrastSchistosoma mansoniSpecies SpecificityTrematodaTrematode Infections
Homarus americanus---A physiological analysis of walking in the American lobster (Homarus americanus).
Treponema pallidum---AdolescentAdultAge FactorsAntibodies, BacterialAntibodies, ViralChildCommunicable DiseasesDisease OutbreaksFemaleHerpes SimplexHumansIndians, South AmericanMaleMiddle AgedSimplexvirusSouth AmericaSyphilisTreponema pallidumVirus Diseases
Orgyia pseudotsugata---The sex pheromone of the Douglass-fir tussock moth Orgyia pseudotsugata (McDunnough) has been isolated and identified as (Z)-6-heneicosen-11-one.
Dipsosaurus dorsalis---The significance of fever in response to a bacterial infection has been investigated using the lizard Dipsosaurus dorsalis as an animal model.
Maclura aurantiaca---Agglutinins from Bauhinia purpurea and variegata (non- or N-specific), Maclura aurantiaca, Iberis amara, sempervirens, umbellata hybrida and umbellata nana (M- or nonspecific), Moluccella laevis (A- plus N-specific), Helix pomatia, Helix aspersa, Helix lucorum and Caucasotachea atrolabiata interact with alkali-labile N-acetylgalactosamine.
Moluccella laevis---Agglutinins from Bauhinia purpurea and variegata (non- or N-specific), Maclura aurantiaca, Iberis amara, sempervirens, umbellata hybrida and umbellata nana (M- or nonspecific), Moluccella laevis (A- plus N-specific), Helix pomatia, Helix aspersa, Helix lucorum and Caucasotachea atrolabiata interact with alkali-labile N-acetylgalactosamine.
Biomphalaria obstructa---Numerous Biomphalaria obstructa snails collected in the vicinity of the Avenue 82 irrigation canal near Oasis, Riverside County, showed no evidence of natural schistosome infection.
B. glabrata---All exposures of California B. obstructa were made with a laboratory stock of highly susceptible B. glabrata snails also obtained from NIH as controls.
B. obstructa---All exposures of California B. obstructa were made with a laboratory stock of highly susceptible B. glabrata snails also obtained from NIH as controls.
B. glabrata---Although miracidia penetrated California snails no evidence of infection was detected whereas the B. glabrata controls showed normal, mature infections with numerous cercariae.There appears little likelihood that B. obstructa can serve as intermediate host for schistosomiasis.
B. obstructa---Although miracidia penetrated California snails no evidence of infection was detected whereas the B. glabrata controls showed normal, mature infections with numerous cercariae.There appears little likelihood that B. obstructa can serve as intermediate host for schistosomiasis.
Ligula intestinalis---Tricarboxylic acid cycle enzymes in the plerocercoid of Ligula intestinalis (Cestoda: Pseudophyllidea).
Ligula intestinalis---All enzymes of the tricarboxylic acid cycle are present in subcellular fractions of the plerocercoid of Ligula intestinalis but the low activity of aconitase and malate dehydrogenase in the forward direction suggests that the complete cycle may be of questionable importance to the parasite.
Catostomus commersonii---Morphological and histochemical studies on a PAS-positive granular leukocyte in blood and connective tissues of Catostomus commersonii Lacpde (teleostei:pisces).
C. commersonnii---The authors suggest that while the PAS-positive granular leukocyte is not identical with classical basophils/mast cells, which are absent in C. commersonnii, it may represent an evolutionary precursor of these cells.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Improved culture method for the isolation of Histoplasma capsulatum and Blastomyces dermatitidis form contaminated specimens.
Histoplasma capsulatum---Studies were performed to evaluate a method for selective isolation of Histoplasma capsulatum and Blastomyces dermatitidis from contaminated specimens.
B. dermatitidis---In one study involving the culture of B. dermatitidis from canine tissues, 24% more isolations were obtained on a medium using NH4OH compared with a similar medium.
H. capusulatum---Increases in the isolation of H. capusulatum from sputum specimens were also obtained, ranging from 20 to 32% compared with four other media without NH4OH.
Gallus domesticus---The surface patterns of the oviduct of Gallus domesticus were examined by scanning electron microscopy (SEM) using several preparatory techniques.
Ornithorhynchus anatinus---Intestinal mucosa of the platypus, Ornithorhynchus anatinus.
Vastus lateralis---Vastus lateralis muscle was excised from normal pigs and from pigs susceptible to malignant hyperthermia.
Aotus trivirgatus---Cardiovascular depressant effects of the neomycin-streptomycin group of antibiotics (aminoglycoside antibiotics) were examined during pentobarbital anesthesia in cats, dogs, and 4 species of nonhuman primates: owl (Aotus trivirgatus), squirrel (Saimiri sciureus), and rhesus (Macaca mulatta) monkeys, and dog-faced baboons (Papio cynocephalus).
Phasianus colchicus---Marble spleen disease (MSD) of ring-necked pheasants (Phasianus colchicus L.) was transmitted in the laboratory to pheasants and turkeys (Meleagris gallopavo L.) by oral, colonic, and intravenous routes of inoculation, using cell-free supernatant fluids of splenic suspension from birds with naturally occurring MSD.
Gasterophilus nasalis---Activity of organophosphorus compounds against oral stages of gasterophilus intestinalis and Gasterophilus nasalis.
Gasterophilus intestinalis---Controlled tests of the efficacy of bot-active compounds, dichlorvos, trichlorfon, trichlorfon butonate, and carbon disulfide on the larvae of Gasterophilus intestinalis and Gasterophilus nasalis during their migratory period in the tissue of the mouth of horses and ponies were completed on experimentally induced and naturally acquired infections.
Gasterophilus nasalis---Controlled tests of the efficacy of bot-active compounds, dichlorvos, trichlorfon, trichlorfon butonate, and carbon disulfide on the larvae of Gasterophilus intestinalis and Gasterophilus nasalis during their migratory period in the tissue of the mouth of horses and ponies were completed on experimentally induced and naturally acquired infections.
Oryctolagus cuniculus---Experimentally induced cerebrospinal nematodiasis in rabbits (Oryctolagus cuniculus).
Ascaris columnaris---To determine if the rabbit can act as an intermediate host for ascarids from certain carnivorous animals (skunks, pigs, dogs), 12 rabbits were infected with Ascaris columnaris, Ascaris suum, or Toxocara canis.
S. saprophyticus---None of the organisms exhibited typical characteristics of S. aureus, S. epidermidis, or S. saprophyticus.
Lactococcus lactis---AnimalsCatalaseCattleCulture MediaEvaluation Studies as TopicHydrogen SulfideLactatesLactococcus lactisLiverMilkOxygenPolarography
Plectonema boryanum---Plectonema boryanum, a filamentous blue-green alga, was cloned and then allowed to reach a steady state in a quasi-continuous culture in the presence of the algal virus, LPP-1.
Fusarium oxysporum---It was found that Fusarium oxysporum and Fusarium moniliforme contained approximately 30% more protein and total amino acids than Aspergillus niger.
V. parahaemolyticus---V. parahaemolyticus was found to adborb onto chitin with the highest efficiency of the several bacterial strains tested.
V. parahaemolyticus---The adsorption effect is considered to be one of the major factors determining the distribution of this species and affecting the annual cycle of V. parahaemolyticus in the estuarine system.
Flavobacterium heparinum---Next, ChSase productivities of all the isolates were compared with those of two established ChSase-producing stock strains, Proteus vulgaris NCTC 4636 and Flavobacterium heparinum ATCC 13125.
R. gelatinosa---The HS-form of citrate lyase from S. diacetilactis was completely acetylated and hence activated by incubation with ATP and acetate for 25 min at 25 degrees C. The enzyme did not acetylate the HS-lyases from R. gelatinosa and K. aerogenes.
S. diacetilactis---The HS-form of citrate lyase from S. diacetilactis was completely acetylated and hence activated by incubation with ATP and acetate for 25 min at 25 degrees C. The enzyme did not acetylate the HS-lyases from R. gelatinosa and K. aerogenes.
R. gelatinosa---In contrast to the citrate lyases from R. gelatinosa and K. aerogenes the enzymes from S. diacetilactis and L. citrovorum showed only a very weak reaction inactivation.
S. diacetilactis---In contrast to the citrate lyases from R. gelatinosa and K. aerogenes the enzymes from S. diacetilactis and L. citrovorum showed only a very weak reaction inactivation.
Plectonema boryanum---Heterotrophic growth of the filamentous blue-green alga Plectonema boryanum.
Plectonema boryanum---Plectonema boryanum can grow in the dark with ribose, sucrose, mannitol, maltose, glucose, or fructose.
Scenedesmus obliquus---Effects of diazepam on photosynthesis, respiration, rubidium uptake, and finestructure of Scenedesmus obliquus in synchronous cultures.
Scenedesmus obliquus---Effects of diazepam (Valium) on photosynthesis, chlorophyll/photosynthesis ratios, respiration, uptake of rubidium ions, and ultrastructure of Scenedesmus obliquus synchronized by a light-dark regimen of 14:10 hrs were determined.
Rhodotorula mucilaginosa---Growth of Rhodotorula mucilaginosa in p-hydroxybenzoate-limited chemostats and the effects of growth rate on the synthesis of enzymes of the 3-oxoadipate pathway.
Rhodotorula mucilaginosa---Rhodotorula mucilaginosa was grown in p-hydroxybenzoate-limited chemostats over the dilution rate (D) range 0.01 to 0.17 h-1 and growth was adequately described by the Monod theory when maintenance energy requirements were considered.
P.putida---The entry of fructose into P.putida cells appears to be mediated also by the glucose-gluconate uptake system, as shown by the ability to accumulate fructose of wild type cells grown on glucose, a substrate that induces the glucose-gluconate uptake system but not the fructose uptake system.
A. chrocococcum---By adding 99 Mo-molybdate to a cell culture of A. chrocococcum with nitrate as the nitrogen source, it has been possible to incroporate the radioactive metal into a purified preparation of the enzyme nitrate reductase.
Polygonum viviparum---The digestion of bulbils (Polygonum viviparum L.) and berries (Vaccinium myrtillus L. and Empetrum sp.) by captive ptarmigan (Lagopus mutus).
Vaccinium myrtillus---The digestion of bulbils (Polygonum viviparum L.) and berries (Vaccinium myrtillus L. and Empetrum sp.) by captive ptarmigan (Lagopus mutus).
Polygonum viviparum---Bulbils of Polygonum viviparum L. were a good source of metabolizable energy, protein and phosphorus, but were deficient in sodium.
Vaccinium myrtillus---Berries of Vaccinium myrtillus L. were the most digestible of the three foods, contained enough protein and P for maintenance, but were probably deficient in Na.
Gazella thomsonii---A series of digestibility trials was done using four animals of each of the following species: Friesian cattle (Bos taurus), Boran zebu cattle (Bos indicus), Corriedale sheep, fat-tailed sheep, eland (Taurotragus oryx Pallas), Coke's hartebeest (Alcelaphus buselaphus cokei Gnther), Thomson's gazelle (Gazella thomsonii Gnther) and bush duiker (Sylvicapra grimmia L.).
Gazella thomsonii---With the pelleted diets, the N content of the faecal dry matter (DM) was low for eland (Taurotragus oryx Pallas), high for sheep and cattle (Bos taurus and Bos indicus) and intermediate for the three small antelope species (hartebeest (Alcelaphus buselaphus cokei Gnther), Thomson's gazelle (Gazella thomsonii Gnther) and duiker (Sylvicapra grimmia L.)).
Thermoplasma acidophila---Membrane properties of Thermoplasma acidophila.
Thermoplasma acidophila---Plasma membranes were isolated from Thermoplasma acidophila, a mycoplasma-like organism which grows optimally at pH 2 and 59 degrees.
Halobacterium cutirubrum---Ion effects on protein-nucleic acid interactions: the disassembly of the 50-S ribosomal subunit from the halophilic bacterium, Halobacterium cutirubrum.
Coxiella burnetii---Glomerulonephritis associated with Coxiella burnetii endocarditis.
Coxiella burnetii---A patient with endocarditis associated with chronic Coxiella burnetii infection is described in whom glomerulonephritis developed with granular deposits containing immunoglobulins and complement in the glomeruli.
S. haematobium---Some patients with Schistosoma mansoni and S. haematobium infections were shown to have soluble schistosomal antigen in their plasma.
Schistosoma haematobium---AdolescentAdultAntibodiesAntigensChildEgyptFemaleHumansImmune Complex DiseasesImmune SeraImmunodiffusionLondonMaleMiddle AgedNephrotic SyndromeSchistosoma haematobiumSchistosoma mansoniSchistosomiasis
Penicillium notatum---With yeast extract as the carbon source (5 g/liter) and ammonium nitrate (1 g/liter) as the nitrogen source, both Rhizopus arrhizus and Penicillium notatum degraded the insecticide to a larger extent than with any other combination of nutrients used.
R. arrhizus---With glucose as the carbon source, concentrations of ammonium nitrate above 5 g/liter inhibited the degradation of Dyfonate by R. arrhizus.
R. arrhizus---The optimum conditions for the degradation of the insecticide by R. arrhizus were observed at pH 6.0 to 7.0 and at 15-25 degrees C. Aged fungal mycelia were as active as mycelia in the logarithmic growth phase.
C. fulvus---The location of cellulase in C. fulvus depends on the carbon source for growth and the age of the culture.
Clostridium pasteurianum---Stable isotope fractionation by Clostridium pasteurianum.
Clostridium pasteurianum---During growth on minimal salts--sucrose media supplemented with various concentrations (10-4-10-2 M) of sodium sulfate, Clostridium pasteurianum grew at a normal rate and only evolved sulfide in late stages of growth on 10-2 M SO4-2-.
Lactococcus lactis---AgarAnimalsAutoanalysisCell CountGlucoseHydrogen-Ion ConcentrationLactococcus lactisLactoseMilkMutationStreptococcusTemperature
Thiobacillus acidophilus---Thiobacillus acidophilus sp. nov.; isolation and some physiological characteristics.
Thiobacillus acidophilus---After a brief exposition to glucose, Thiobacillus acidophilus was isolated from a culture of iron-grown T. ferrooxidans.
Thiobacillus acidophilus---Thiobacillus acidophilus is apparently strictly aerobic.
Thiobacillus acidophilus---Thiobacillus acidophilus possesses the key enzymes of the tricarboxylic acid (TCA) cycle including NAD-and NADP-linked isocitric dehydrogenase and alpha-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase, and the key enzymes of the hexose monophosphate pathway (glucose-6-phosphate and 6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase, and fructose 1,6-diphosphate aldolase).
C. psittaci---The L-cell-grown 6BC strain of C. psittaci inoculated intraperitoneally in mice induced an injurious effect on mononuclear phagocytes and their lysosomes; the influx of polymorphonuclear phagocytes (PMN's) increased markedly and the PMN's showed karyorrhexis and lysis.
S. salivarius---Capsular polymer generally appeared fibrillar, although globular polymer consisted of capsular subunits bound to S. salivarius and H. vaginacola.
A. tumefaciens---Exocellular slime was present about S. aureus, P. aeruginosa, and A. tumefaciens.
Actinomyces israelii---Colonies of organisms with morphologic resemblance to and staining reactions of Actinomyces israelii were observed in tissue adherent to the IUD and in inflamed omental and pericolic tissues.
Hitosplasma capsulatum---A mediastinal mass of clinically undetermined nature was found at autopsy to be an enormous abcess due to secondary infection in granulamatous caseating mediastinal nodes caused by Hitosplasma capsulatum.
Scilla sibirica---For the first time the new pentaploid chromosome race with 2n=30 was found in Scilla sibirica.
Sphaerodema annulatum---Histological study on the retrocerebral endocrine-aortal complex of the water-bug, Sphaerodema annulatum (Heteroptera: belostomatidae) with reference to secretory inclusions.
Sphaerodema annulatum---Unlike many heteropterans, the retrocerebral endocrine organs of the water-bug, Sphaerodema annulatum are not fused with each other or with the hypocerebral ganglion.
Acomys cahirinus---[Electron microscope detection of biogenic amines in the medulla of the adrenal gland of the normoglycemic spiny mouse (Acomys cahirinus)]By means of a modification of the Reinecke salt method already described, characteristical amine containing granules have been demonstrated in the parenchymal cells of the adrenal medulla in normoglycemic spiny mice.
Methylococcus capsulatus---The carbon assimilation pathways of Methylococcus capsulatus, Pseudomonas methanica and Methylosinus trichosporium (OB3B) during growth on methane.
Methylococcus capsulatus---d-arabino-3-Hexulose 6-phosphate was prepared by condensation of formaldehyde with ribulose 5-phosphate in the presence of 3-hexulose phosphate synthase from methane-grown Methylococcus capsulatus.
M. capsulatus---A complete conversion of d-ribulose 5-phosphate and formaldehyde into d-fructose 6-phosphate was demonstrated in the presence of 3-hexulose phosphate synthase and phospho-3-hexuloisomerase (prepared from methane-grown M. capsulatus).
M. capsulatus---No evidence was found for its metabolism by extracts of M. capsulatus, thus eliminating it as an intermediate in the carbon assimilation process of this organism.
Methylococcus capsulatus---Purification and properties of 3-hexulose phosphate synthase and phospho-3-hexuloisomerase from Methylococcus capsulatus.
Methylococcus capsulatus---3-Hexulose phosphate synthase and phospho-3-hexuloisomerase were purified 40- and 150-fold respectively from methane-grown Methylococcus capsulatus.
Clostridium pasteurianum---The biosynthesis of granulose by Clostridium pasteurianum.
Clostridium pasteurianum---Mutant strains of Clostridium pasteurianum were obtained, which are unable to synthesize granulose (an intracellularly accumulated amylopectin-like alpha-polyglucan).
Clostridium pasteurianum---Mobilization of granulose in Clostridium pasteurianum.
Clostridium pasteurianum---The granulose of Clostridium pasteurianum ATCC 6013 is degraded when the organism is incubated in a medium containing no utilizable source of carbon and energy.
Acanthophtalmus kuhlii---[Nuclear function during early development of remote fish hybrids]The participation of paternal genome was studied in the development of remote hybrids obtained as a result of artificial insemination of the loach (Misgurnus fossilis) eggs by the sperm of aquarial Cyprinids (Brachydanio rerio, Danio malabaricus, Barbus tetrazona, Razbora heteromorpha, Carassius auratus) and Cobitids (Acanthophtalmus kuhlii).
Carassius auratus---[Nuclear function during early development of remote fish hybrids]The participation of paternal genome was studied in the development of remote hybrids obtained as a result of artificial insemination of the loach (Misgurnus fossilis) eggs by the sperm of aquarial Cyprinids (Brachydanio rerio, Danio malabaricus, Barbus tetrazona, Razbora heteromorpha, Carassius auratus) and Cobitids (Acanthophtalmus kuhlii).
A. africanus---In these characters, A. africanus is no more &quot;advanced&quot; than the larger, more robust forms.
H. habilis---The one early hominid to show a significant departure from this adaptive pattern toward later hominids-cranially, dentally, and postcranially-is H. habilis from East Africa.
A. africanus---In the A. africanus to H. sapiens lineage, cranial capacity increases with positive allometry (slope 1.73) while cheek teeth decrease absolutely (slope - 0.725).
Peromyscus maniculatus bairdi---Sibling mating in prairie deer mice (Peromyscus maniculatus bairdi) results in poor reproductive performance.
Asperguillus fumigatus---Late asthmatic reactions to inhalation of fractions from extracts of Candida albicans and Asperguillus fumigatus.
A.fumigatus---To investigate the mechanism of late respiratory reactions after exposure to extracts of C.albicans and A.fumigatus, patients with asthma were studied with skin tests, inhalation tests and serologic tests including precipitin tests, using purified polysaccharide fraction (PS) and protein fraction (P).
C.albicans---To investigate the mechanism of late respiratory reactions after exposure to extracts of C.albicans and A.fumigatus, patients with asthma were studied with skin tests, inhalation tests and serologic tests including precipitin tests, using purified polysaccharide fraction (PS) and protein fraction (P).
A.fumigatus---Taking the results to animal experiments into consideration it would appear that some of the late responses after exposure to Prot or crude extract of C.albicans and A.fumigatus were due to allergic mechanism of the delayed type.
C.albicans---Taking the results to animal experiments into consideration it would appear that some of the late responses after exposure to Prot or crude extract of C.albicans and A.fumigatus were due to allergic mechanism of the delayed type.
A. faecalis---The fraction active against A. faecalis was isolated by passage through Amberlite XAD-2 and Amberlite IRA-68.
P. persicinus---In addition to penicillin N and cephalosporin C, filtrates of P. persicinus P-10 also contained deacetylcephalosporin C, deacetoxycephalosporin C, and cephalosporin P.CephalosporinsFermentationPaecilomyces
Providencia stuartii---The emergence of a strain of Providencia stuartii resistant to multiple antibiotics with the exception of amikacin provided a test organism for a microbiological assay for this new semisynthetic aminoglycosidic aminocyclitol.
P. stuartii---The resistance of P. stuartii to all currently used antibiotics allows the utilization of this technique in the presence of other concurrently administered antibiotics and therefore eliminates the need for their inactivation in the assay procedure.
Providencia stuartii---Proteus rettgeri and Providencia stuartii were notably more susceptible to verdamicin.
S. salivarius---Whereas the bacteriocin activity of eight strains of Streptococcus mutans was unaffected by growth in the presence of sucrose, such a medium rendered five S. mutans and one S. salivarius indicator strains unsusceptible to the bacteriocins.
S. faecalis---In contrast, the susceptibility of three S. faecalis and one S. pyogenes strains was unaltered when these indicators were grown in the presence of sucrose.
S. faecalis---Since the S. mutans and S. salivarius strains produced extracellular polysaccharides from sucrose whereas the S. faecalis and S. pyogenes strains did not, it was concluded that a coating of extracellular polysaccharides rendered normally susceptible organisms unsusceptible to bacteriocin action.
S. salivarius---Since the S. mutans and S. salivarius strains produced extracellular polysaccharides from sucrose whereas the S. faecalis and S. pyogenes strains did not, it was concluded that a coating of extracellular polysaccharides rendered normally susceptible organisms unsusceptible to bacteriocin action.
Penicillium avellaneum---A quantitative microbiological assay and a bioautography system with Penicillium avellaneum UC-4376 was developed for the antitumor drugs maytansine, and its homologues, maytanprine and maytanbutine.
B. fragilis---An interpretive scheme for B. fragilis to tetracycline was statistically derived on the basis of the distribution of zone sizes of susceptible and resistant strains: resistant, 18 mm or less; indeterminant, 19 to 20 mm; and susceptible, 21 mm or greater.
Clostridium ramosum---Susceptibility of Clostridium ramosum to antimicrobial agents.
Clostridium ramosum---The susceptibility of 49 strains of Clostridium ramosum to 10 antibiotics was determined by agar dilution and disk diffusion tests.
C. ramosum---Results showed that, among the anaerobes, C. ramosum is second only to Bacteroides fragilis in its resistance to antimicrobial agents.
Plectonema boryanum---The M component of virginiamycin inhibited growth of Plectonema boryanum under both photoautotrophic and heterotrophic conditions.
P. boryanum---Deoxyribonucleic acid synthesis was blocked virtually without delay by virginiamycin M. Since virginiamycin inhibited protein synthesis in a similar fashion in the unicellular Anacystis nidulans, as well as in the filamentous P. boryanum, the mechanism of action of this antibiotic is probably the same in all blue-green algae.
Lactobacillus acidophilus---Mutanolysin had lytic or bactericidal activity against the living cells of Streptococcus mutans, Streptococcus salivarius, Streptococcus sanguis, Lactobacillus acidophilus, and Actinomyces viscosus, which are considered to be etiologic agents of dental caries, but had no activity against S. aureus and all gram-negative strains tested.
B. fragilis subsp---In order to determine the therapeutic value of penicillins in the management of anaerobic infections caused by Bacteroides fragilis, the antibacterial activity of penicillin G, ampicillin, and carbenicillin against 10 strains of B. fragilis subsp.
B. fragilis---Minocycline at 3.1 mug/ml inhibited 72% of C. perfringens, 81% of other Clostridium species, and 66, 75, and 100% of B. fragilis, B. melaninogenicus, and Fusobacterium, respectively.
B. fragilis---B. fragilis was resistant to both penicillin and carbenicillin at 6.2 mug/ml.
B. fragilis---Concentrations of 25 mug/ml for penicillin and 100 mug/ml for carbenicillin were needed to inhibit more than 90% of B. fragilis.
B. fragilis---Organisms other than B. fragilis were moderately or extremely susceptible to the penicillins.
Cephalosporium acremonium---Synthesis of deactoxycephalosporin C by a mutant of Cephalosporium acremonium.
Cephalosporium acremonium---A number of Cephalosporium acremonium mutants blocked in the synthesis of cephalosporin C were investigated for accumulation of other beta-lactam compounds.
Elatobium abietinum---Supercooling and the low-temperature survival of the green spruce aphid Elatobium abietinum.
Elatobium abietinum---Laboratory investigations into the low-temperature tolerance of the green spruce aphid, Elatobium abietinum, revealed that the insect was killed by freezing.
Acholeplasma laidlawii---Serological tests and electrophoretic analysis of protein preparations indicated no relationship to Acholeplasma laidlawii, although this organism survived for at least 10 wk after injection into E. plebejus.
Raphanus sativus---Sugar, organic acid, phenolic acid and plant growth regulator content of extracts of honeydew of the aphid Myzus persicae and of its host plant, Raphanus sativus.
Scenedesmus obliquus---Time course of microsecond-delayed light emission from Scenedesmus obliquus.
Scenedesmus obliquus---The time course of microsecond-delayed light emission and that of prompt fluorescence was measured during the period of light adaptation for the wild-type strain and mutants Nos 8 and 11 of Scenedesmus obliquus, Strain D3, exposed t stimulus light in a photon-counting apparatus.
A. alba---A. alba
A. albicosta---A. albicosta
A. alta---A. alta
A. americana---A. americana
A. argo---A. argo
A. astriger---A. astriger
A. brasiliana---A. brasiliana
A. brevispina---A. brevispina
A. candeana---A. candeana
A. cerealis---A. cerealis
A. chemnitzi---A. chemnitzi
A. columbiana---A. columbiana
A. conus---A. conus
A. cristata---A. cristata
A. cubensis---A. cubensis
A. deshayesi---A. deshayesi
A. digitalis---A. digitalis
A. elegans---A. elegans
A. fungoides---A. fungoides
A. germna---A. germna
A. grandis---A. grandis
A. granulata---A. granulata
A. inaequalis---A. inaequalis
A. irradians ajnplico---A. irradians ajnplico
A. irradians concentricus---A. irradians concentricus
A. irradians irradians---A. irradians irradians
A. lienosa fioridmia---A. lienosa fioridmia
A. mayaguezensis---A. mayaguezensis
A. mcongnia---A. mcongnia
A. nobilis---A. nobilis
A. nucleus---A. nucleus
A. oceidentalis---A. oceidentalis
A. pernoides---A. pernoides
A. pilosa---A. pilosa
A. princeps---A. princeps
A. protea---A. protea
A. purpurea---A. purpurea
A. pustulata pulcherrima---A. pustulata pulcherrima
A. sagittata---A. sagittata
A. sbjiplex---A. sbjiplex
A. scabra---A. scabra
A. schrammi---A. schrammi
A. scutum---A. scutum
A. secticostata---A. secticostata
A. spectrum---A. spectrum
A. spicnlosa---A. spicnlosa
A. spinulosa---A. spinulosa
A. springeri---A. springeri
A. sulcosa---A. sulcosa
A. diegeiisis---A. diegeiisis
A. tenera---A. tenera
A. tessulata---A. tessulata
A. tuber---A. tuber
A. umbonata---A. umbonata
A. undata---A. undata
A. vancouverensis---A. vancouverensis
A. viendiciis---A. viendiciis
A. zebra---A. zebra
Aactridae---Aactridae
Abra aeqiialis---Abra aeqiialis
Abra aequalis---Abra aequalis
Abra lioica---Abra lioica
Abra projundorum---Abra projundorum
Acanthina paucilirata---Acanthina paucilirata
Acanthinucella---Acanthinucella
Acanthochitona pygmaea---Acanthochitona pygmaea
Acanthochitona spicnlosa---Acanthochitona spicnlosa
Acanthodoris pilosa---Acanthodoris pilosa
Acanthopleura flexa---Acanthopleura flexa
Acanthopleura granulata---Acanthopleura granulata
Acanthopleurinae---Acanthopleurinae
Acauthiua spirata---Acauthiua spirata
Acauthiua spirata llainville---Acauthiua spirata llainville
Acila castrensis---Acila castrensis
Acirsa costulata---Acirsa costulata
Acjnaea testitdinalis---Acjnaea testitdinalis
Acmaea antillariwi---Acmaea antillariwi
Acmaea antillariwi---Acmaea antillariwi
Acmaea antillarum---Acmaea antillarum
Acmaea asfin---Acmaea asfin
Acmaea digitalis---Acmaea digitalis
Acmaea fenestrata---Acmaea fenestrata
Acmaea fenestrata---Acmaea fenestrata
Acmaea fenestrata cribraria---Acmaea fenestrata cribraria
Acmaea insessa---Acmaea insessa
Acmaea insiabilis---Acmaea insiabilis
Acmaea instabilis---Acmaea instabilis
Acmaea ja---Acmaea ja
Acmaea janaicensis---Acmaea janaicensis
Acmaea leiicopleura---Acmaea leiicopleura
Acmaea leuco---Acmaea leuco
Acmaea leuco pleura---Acmaea leuco pleura
Acmaea pelta---Acmaea pelta
Acmaea persona---Acmaea persona
Acmaea scabra---Acmaea scabra
Acmaea testudinalis---Acmaea testudinalis
Acmaea testudinalis testudinalis---Acmaea testudinalis testudinalis
Acmaea testudinalts scutum---Acmaea testudinalts scutum
Acmaea triangularis---Acmaea triangularis
Acmaeinae---Acmaeinae
Acmea digitalis---Acmea digitalis
Acmeidae---Acmeidae
Acnaea---Acnaea
Acnaea conus---Acnaea conus
Acnaea insessa---Acnaea insessa
Actcun punctostriatiis---Actcun punctostriatiis
Acteocina candei---Acteocina candei
Acteociua culitella---Acteociua culitella
Acteoi---Acteoi
Acteon piinctostrianis---Acteon piinctostrianis
Acteon punctocaelatiis---Acteon punctocaelatiis
Actrsa---Actrsa
Adalaria---Adalaria
Adalaria proxhim---Adalaria proxhim
Adalaria proxiina---Adalaria proxiina
Admete---Admete
Admete conthotiyi---Admete conthotiyi
Admete couth ouyi---Admete couth ouyi
Aeolidia---Aeolidia
Aeolidia papulosa---Aeolidia papulosa
Aeolidiacea---Aeolidiacea
Aeolids---Aeolids
Aeolis---Aeolis
Aeolis papulosa---Aeolis papulosa
Aeqidpectej circidaris---Aeqidpectej circidaris
Aeqiiipecten---Aeqiiipecten
Aeqiiipecten irradians---Aeqiiipecten irradians
Aequipecten gib bus---Aequipecten gib bus
Aequipecten gibbus---Aequipecten gibbus
Aequipecten gibbus nucleus---Aequipecten gibbus nucleus
Aequipecten glyptiis---Aequipecten glyptiis
Aequipecten glyptus---Aequipecten glyptus
Aequipecten irradians---Aequipecten irradians
Aequipecten irradians irradians---Aequipecten irradians irradians
Aequipecten miiscosus---Aequipecten miiscosus
Aequipecten muscosus---Aequipecten muscosus
Aequipecten nucleus---Aequipecten nucleus
Aequipecten uneolaris---Aequipecten uneolaris
Aequtpecten phrygius---Aequtpecten phrygius
Aeqziipecten irradiaiis miiplicostata---Aeqziipecten irradiaiis miiplicostata
Affinis---Affinis
Agaronia testacea---Agaronia testacea
Agriodesma---Agriodesma
Aiacoma---Aiacoma
Aiacoma incongnm---Aiacoma incongnm
Aiacoma incongnm von---Aiacoma incongnm von
Aiarginella---Aiarginella
Aiiomia peruviana---Aiiomia peruviana
Aiiovralocardia---Aiiovralocardia
Aiitigoia strigillina---Aiitigoia strigillina
Ainaea---Ainaea
Aiollusca---Aiollusca
Aitiplanes vinosa---Aitiplanes vinosa
Ajinulicalhis---Ajinulicalhis
Ajmea retifera---Ajmea retifera
Ajwlymetis intastriata---Ajwlymetis intastriata
Alabifia tenuisculpta---Alabifia tenuisculpta
Alabma---Alabma
Aldisa---Aldisa
Aldisa sangtunea---Aldisa sangtunea
Aletes---Aletes
Aletes squamigeriis---Aletes squamigeriis
Aletes squamigerus---Aletes squamigerus
Aliama---Aliama
Aliralda---Aliralda
Allopora californica---Allopora californica
Alytihis---Alytihis
Amaea retifera---Amaea retifera
Amaiira---Amaiira
Amaiiropsis islandica---Amaiiropsis islandica
Amauropsis islandica---Amauropsis islandica
Amcula stelleri---Amcula stelleri
Amea mitchelli---Amea mitchelli
Amiantis callosa---Amiantis callosa
Amiciila---Amiciila
Amicula stelleri---Amicula stelleri
Ammonites---Ammonites
Amphineiira---Amphineiira
Amphineura---Amphineura
Amphissa undata---Amphissa undata
Amusiujn---Amusiujn
Amussiidae---Amussiidae
Amygdahnn---Amygdahnn
Amygdaluni papyria---Amygdaluni papyria
Amygdnlnm papyria---Amygdnlnm papyria
Anachis avara---Anachis avara
Anachis iranslirata---Anachis iranslirata
Anachis translirata---Anachis translirata
Anadara baiighvimii---Anadara baiighvimii
Anadara brasiliana---Anadara brasiliana
Anadara lienosa---Anadara lienosa
Anadara lienosa fioridana---Anadara lienosa fioridana
Anadara multicostata---Anadara multicostata
Anadara notabilis---Anadara notabilis
Anadara ovalis---Anadara ovalis
Anadara transversa---Anadara transversa
Anadarinae---Anadarinae
Anaea mitchelli---Anaea mitchelli
Anatina---Anatina
Ancilla---Ancilla
Ancistrolepis---Ancistrolepis
Ancistrosyrifix radiata---Ancistrosyrifix radiata
Ancistrosyrinx---Ancistrosyrinx
Ancistrosyrinx radiata---Ancistrosyrinx radiata
Ancula cristata---Ancula cristata
Angiiliis tener---Angiiliis tener
Aniigona---Aniigona
Anisomyaria---Anisomyaria
Annales---Annales
Anodonta---Anodonta
Anodontia pbilippiana---Anodontia pbilippiana
Anomalocardia cuneimeris---Anomalocardia cuneimeris
Anomia sivtplex---Anomia sivtplex
Anomiacea---Anomiacea
Anopsia---Anopsia
Antigia strigillina---Antigia strigillina
Antigona listen---Antigona listen
Antigona rigida---Antigona rigida
Antigona rugatina---Antigona rugatina
Antigona rugatitia---Antigona rugatitia
Antigona strigillina---Antigona strigillina
Antillophos---Antillophos
Antillophos candei---Antillophos candei
Aperiplouia---Aperiplouia
Aphrodita---Aphrodita
Aplacophora---Aplacophora
Aplyia---Aplyia
Aplysia badistes---Aplysia badistes
Aplysia fioridensis---Aplysia fioridensis
Aplysia seahares---Aplysia seahares
Aplysiacea---Aplysiacea
Aplysiidae---Aplysiidae
Apoly metis---Apoly metis
Apolymetis biajigiilata---Apolymetis biajigiilata
Apolymetis intastriata---Apolymetis intastriata
Aporjhais---Aporjhais
Aporrhais da---Aporrhais da
Aporrhais occideriialis---Aporrhais occideriialis
Aptyxis---Aptyxis
Aptyxis luteopicta---Aptyxis luteopicta
Arcacea---Arcacea
Archaeogastropoda---Archaeogastropoda
Archidoris  bills---Archidoris  bills
Archidoris fiobilis---Archidoris fiobilis
Archidoris moitereyensis---Archidoris moitereyensis
Archidoris montereyensis---Archidoris montereyensis
Architectojiica peracuta---Architectojiica peracuta
Architectonic a krebsi---Architectonic a krebsi
Architectonica krebsi---Architectonica krebsi
Architectonica krehsi---Architectonica krehsi
Architectonica nohilis---Architectonica nohilis
Architectonica peracnta---Architectonica peracnta
Architectonica peracuta---Architectonica peracuta
Architectonicidae---Architectonicidae
Architeiithis harveyi---Architeiithis harveyi
Architeuthidae---Architeuthidae
Architeuthis harveyi---Architeuthis harveyi
Arcinae---Arcinae
Arcopagia---Arcopagia
Arcopagia fatista---Arcopagia fatista
Arcopagia fausta---Arcopagia fausta
Arcopsis adamsi---Arcopsis adamsi
Arcopsis von---Arcopsis von
Arctica---Arctica
Arctica islandica---Arctica islandica
Arctoinelon---Arctoinelon
Arctonelon stearnsi---Arctonelon stearnsi
Area balesi---Area balesi
Area reticulata---Area reticulata
Area umboiiala---Area umboiiala
Area wnbonata---Area wnbonata
Area zebra---Area zebra
Areite variabilis---Areite variabilis
Arene cruentata---Arene cruentata
Arene gemina---Arene gemina
Arene gevmia---Arene gevmia
Arene variabilis---Arene variabilis
Arginarca---Arginarca
Argobiiccinwn---Argobiiccinwn
Argobuccimnn oiegoncisis---Argobuccimnn oiegoncisis
Argobuccinu oregoveiisc---Argobuccinu oregoveiisc
Argonautidae---Argonautidae
Argonmita---Argonmita
Asaphis---Asaphis
Asaphis deflorata---Asaphis deflorata
Ascanius---Ascanius
Astartacea---Astartacea
Astarte borealis---Astarte borealis
Astarte castaiiea---Astarte castaiiea
Astarte castanea---Astarte castanea
Astarte snhequilatera---Astarte snhequilatera
Astarte subequilatera---Astarte subequilatera
Astraea americana---Astraea americana
Astraea brevispina---Astraea brevispina
Astraea caelata---Astraea caelata
Astraea gibberosa---Astraea gibberosa
Astraea longispina---Astraea longispina
Astraea nndosa---Astraea nndosa
Astraea olivacea---Astraea olivacea
Astraea tuber---Astraea tuber
Astraea undosa---Astraea undosa
Astraliimi---Astraliimi
Athenaeus---Athenaeus
Aticula cristata---Aticula cristata
Atlanta peroni---Atlanta peroni
Atrina rigida---Atrina rigida
Atrina serrata---Atrina serrata
Atyidae---Atyidae
Atys caribaea---Atys caribaea
Atys sajidersoni---Atys sajidersoni
Aumsiwn---Aumsiwn
Azr ex---Azr ex
B. adamsianus---B. adamsianus
B. amygdala---B. amygdala
B. barbata---B. barbata
B. caribbea---B. caribbea
B. carica---B. carica
B. citrinus---B. citrinus
B. contrarhmi---B. contrarhmi
B. costata---B. costata
B. crassa---B. crassa
B. exustus---B. exustus
B. goiildi---B. goiildi
B. inexicana---B. inexicana
B. iniilticostatiis---B. iniilticostatiis
B. multijormis---B. multijormis
B. orpheiis---B. orpheiis
B. pacifica---B. pacifica
B. pacificus---B. pacificus
B. peregrimis---B. peregrimis
B. perversum---B. perversum
B. pyrum---B. pyrum
B. scitulus---B. scitulus
B. smthi---B. smthi
B. spirata---B. spirata
B. stearjisi---B. stearjisi
B. tenue---B. tenue
B. triangiilatus---B. triangiilatus
B. virginicuffi---B. virginicuffi
Bailya iniricata---Bailya iniricata
Bailya intricata---Bailya intricata
Bailya parva---Bailya parva
Balillaria---Balillaria
Bankia canalis---Bankia canalis
Bankia caribbea---Bankia caribbea
Bankia fimbriatida---Bankia fimbriatida
Bankia goiildi---Bankia goiildi
Bankia gouldi---Bankia gouldi
Bankiella---Bankiella
Bankiopsis---Bankiopsis
Barbarofusus---Barbarofusus
Barbatia bailyi---Barbatia bailyi
Barbatia cancellaria---Barbatia cancellaria
Barbatia doniingensis---Barbatia doniingensis
Barbatia dontingensis---Barbatia dontingensis
Barbatia eandida---Barbatia eandida
Barbatia tenera---Barbatia tenera
Barnea costata---Barnea costata
Barnea siibtnmcata---Barnea siibtnmcata
Barnea spathidata---Barnea spathidata
Barnea truncata---Barnea truncata
Batillaria---Batillaria
Batillaria ininwia---Batillaria ininwia
Batillaria miiima---Batillaria miiima
Batillaria minima---Batillaria minima
Batillariinae---Batillariinae
Bavkia goiildi---Bavkia goiildi
Bcmkia---Bcmkia
Bellucina---Bellucina
Bermgius---Bermgius
Biiccinwn---Biiccinwn
Biisycoi---Biisycoi
Biisycon canaliciilatum---Biisycon canaliciilatum
Biisycon carica---Biisycon carica
Biisycon perversiim---Biisycon perversiim
Bittiui altematiim---Bittiui altematiim
Bittium eschrichti---Bittium eschrichti
Bittium interfossum---Bittium interfossum
Bittium quadrifilatmn---Bittium quadrifilatmn
Bittium variiim---Bittium variiim
Bittium variimt---Bittium variimt
Bivetiella---Bivetiella
Blepharopoda occidentalis---Blepharopoda occidentalis
Bmsatella---Bmsatella
Bnrsatella---Bnrsatella
Boreomelon---Boreomelon
Boreotrophoi clathratus---Boreotrophoi clathratus
Boreotrophon dalli---Boreotrophon dalli
Boreotrophon miilticostatiis---Boreotrophon miilticostatiis
Boreotrophon orpheus---Boreotrophon orpheus
Boreotrophon scitulus---Boreotrophon scitulus
Boreotrophon stiiarti---Boreotrophon stiiarti
Boreotrophon stuarii---Boreotrophon stuarii
Boreotrophon triangularis---Boreotrophon triangularis
Boreotrophon triangulatus---Boreotrophon triangulatus
Borsoniinae---Borsoniinae
Bortiia longipes---Bortiia longipes
Botitla calijorniensis---Botitla calijorniensis
Botryllus---Botryllus
Botula californiensis---Botula californiensis
Botula falcata---Botula falcata
Botula fusca---Botula fusca
Brachidontes citriniis---Brachidontes citriniis
Brachidontes exnstus---Brachidontes exnstus
Brachidontes exustus---Brachidontes exustus
Brachidontes recurviis---Brachidontes recurviis
Brachidontes recurvus---Brachidontes recurvus
Brachidontes stearnsi---Brachidontes stearnsi
Brachinte---Brachinte
Brachiopoda---Brachiopoda
Brachydomes---Brachydomes
Brachystoviia---Brachystoviia
Brack idontes citrinus---Brack idontes citrinus
Buccimim glaciale---Buccimim glaciale
Buccimnn plectrum---Buccimnn plectrum
Buccinacea---Buccinacea
Buccinum baeri---Buccinum baeri
Buccinum tenue---Buccinum tenue
Buccinwn undatum---Buccinwn undatum
Bujonaria---Bujonaria
Bulla occidentalis---Bulla occidentalis
Bulla pimctiilata---Bulla pimctiilata
Bursa califorfiica---Bursa califorfiica
Bursa californica---Bursa californica
Bursa graularis---Bursa graularis
Bursa spadicea---Bursa spadicea
Bursa tenuisculpta---Bursa tenuisculpta
Bursa thomae---Bursa thomae

C. costata---C. costata
C. costata turrita---C. costata turrita
C. costatuin---C. costatuin
C. crehricbictinn---C. crehricbictinn
C. cuspidata---C. cuspidata
C. dalli---C. dalli
C. deburghiae---C. deburghiae
C. diegense---C. diegense
C. diibiosa---C. diibiosa
C. disparilis---C. disparilis
C. elongata---C. elongata
C. emersoni---C. emersoni
C. exanthema---C. exanthema
C. floridana---C. floridana
C. floridanus biirryae---C. floridanus biirryae
C. floridensis---C. floridensis
C. floridnnus floridensis---C. floridnnus floridensis
C. fornicata---C. fornicata
C. frisbeyae---C. frisbeyae
C. geirnna---C. geirnna
C. gibbosa---C. gibbosa
C. gigas---C. gigas
C. grippi---C. grippi
C. hemphilli---C. hemphilli
C. heptagonmi---C. heptagonmi
C. iincinatiormis---C. iincinatiormis
C. iirceolaris---C. iirceolaris
C. imcinata---C. imcinata
C. imiceolata---C. imiceolata
C. imitans---C. imitans
C. inermis---C. inermis
C. inimita---C. inimita
C. intermedia---C. intermedia
C. intortus---C. intortus
C. jiijiibimim tampaeiise---C. jiijiibimim tampaeiise
C. kyskensis---C. kyskensis
C. labiata---C. labiata
C. licalum---C. licalum
C. liter atum---C. liter atum
C. literatimi---C. literatimi
C. longirostris---C. longirostris
C. maculosa---C. maculosa
C. martinianum---C. martinianum
C. mediterrafiea---C. mediterrafiea
C. mercatoria---C. mercatoria
C. midticostata---C. midticostata
C. mucronata---C. mucronata
C. nebulosum---C. nebulosum
C. nitidum---C. nitidum
C. nobilis---C. nobilis
C. nuttalli---C. nuttalli
C. obvelata---C. obvelata
C. occidentale---C. occidentale
C. orbiculata---C. orbiculata
C. orciitti---C. orciitti
C. oryza---C. oryza
C. palmeri---C. palmeri
C. peali---C. peali
C. pedroana---C. pedroana
C. pedroeiise---C. pedroeiise
C. piilchellwn---C. piilchellwn
C. pileare---C. pileare
C. planulata---C. planulata
C. pliculosa---C. pliculosa
C. reeviana---C. reeviana
C. repanda---C. repanda
C. rhizophorae---C. rhizophorae
C. rosaniim---C. rosaniim
C. rosea---C. rosea
C. sanibelensis---C. sanibelensis
C. sivifti---C. sivifti
C. stokesi---C. stokesi
C. striatum---C. striatum
C. subumbilicatum---C. subumbilicatum
C. succincta---C. succincta
C. tampaensis---C. tampaensis
C. tbea---C. tbea
C. televms---C. televms
C. tinctiis---C. tinctiis
C. tinctus---C. tinctus
C. tridentata---C. tridentata
C. trispinosa---C. trispinosa
C. tuberosum---C. tuberosum
C. vanhyningi---C. vanhyningi
C. variabile---C. variabile
C. velei---C. velei
C. ventricosa---C. ventricosa
C. versicolor---C. versicolor
C. virginica---C. virginica
Cadiihis carolmensis---Cadiihis carolmensis
Cadlina flavomaciilata---Cadlina flavomaciilata
Cadlina laevis---Cadlina laevis
Cadlininae---Cadlininae
Caduliis qiiadridentatiis---Caduliis qiiadridentatiis
Cadulus carolinensis---Cadulus carolinensis
Cadulus mayori---Cadulus mayori
Cadulus quadridentatus---Cadulus quadridentatus
Caecum caroliniammj---Caecum caroliniammj
Caecum carpenteri---Caecum carpenteri
Caecum cayosense---Caecum cayosense
Caecum crebrictnctum---Caecum crebrictnctum
Caecum floridamn---Caecum floridamn
Caecum heptagonum---Caecum heptagonum
Caecum lennondi---Caecum lennondi
Caecum nebulosuin---Caecum nebulosuin
Caecum nitidwn---Caecum nitidwn
Caecum occidentale---Caecum occidentale
Caecum orcutti---Caecum orcutti
Caecum pulcbelhnn---Caecum pulcbelhnn
Callianax---Callianax
Calliosto---Calliosto
Calliostoa gemmiilatiin---Calliostoa gemmiilatiin
Calliostoa ligatum---Calliostoa ligatum
Calliostom canaliculatinn---Calliostom canaliculatinn
Calliostoma canaliculatum---Calliostoma canaliculatum
Calliostoma doliarium---Calliostoma doliarium
Calliostoma euglyptum---Calliostoma euglyptum
Calliostoma gloriosmn---Calliostoma gloriosmn
Calliostoma jujnbijium---Calliostoma jujnbijium
Calliostoma pulchrum---Calliostoma pulchrum
Calliostoma roseolujn---Calliostoma roseolujn
Calliostoma snpragranosum---Calliostoma snpragranosum
Calliostoma supragranosmit---Calliostoma supragranosmit
Calliostoma zonamestum---Calliostoma zonamestum
Callista---Callista
Callista eucymata---Callista eucymata
Callista ezicymata---Callista ezicymata
Callocardia---Callocardia
Callocardia tcxasinna---Callocardia tcxasinna
Callocardia texasiaiia---Callocardia texasiaiia
Callocardia texasiana---Callocardia texasiana
Calloplax---Calloplax
Calloplax jajieirejisis---Calloplax jajieirejisis
Calloplax janeirensis---Calloplax janeirensis
Calyptraea centralis---Calyptraea centralis
Calyptraea fastigata---Calyptraea fastigata
Calyptraeacea---Calyptraeacea
Camiaria---Camiaria
Cancellaria craivfordiana---Cancellaria craivfordiana
Cancellaria reticulata---Cancellaria reticulata
Canthariis tinctits---Canthariis tinctits
Cantharus auritula---Cantharus auritula
Cantharus cancellarins---Cantharus cancellarins
Cantharus tinctus---Cantharus tinctus
Cantharus tmctits---Cantharus tmctits
Capulus calif ornicus---Capulus calif ornicus
Capulus incurvatus---Capulus incurvatus
Cardiacea---Cardiacea
Cardidae---Cardidae
Cardiojnya---Cardiojnya
Cardionya pectinata---Cardionya pectinata
Cardioviya costellata---Cardioviya costellata
Cardita carpenteri---Cardita carpenteri
Cardita dominguensis---Cardita dominguensis
Cardita donngiiensis---Cardita donngiiensis
Cardita floridana---Cardita floridana
Cardita gracilis---Cardita gracilis
Carditacea---Carditacea
Carditaviera---Carditaviera
Cardium corbis---Cardium corbis
Cardiuvi---Cardiuvi
Cassis fiaminea---Cassis fiaminea
Cassis nadagascariensis---Cassis nadagascariensis
Cassis tuberosa---Cassis tuberosa
Catrioiia aurantia---Catrioiia aurantia
Catriona aurantia---Catriona aurantia
Cavolina---Cavolina
Cavolina gibbosa---Cavolina gibbosa
Cavolina inflexa---Cavolina inflexa
Cavolina lojigirostris---Cavolina lojigirostris
Cavolina micinata---Cavolina micinata
Cavolina qiiadridentata---Cavolina qiiadridentata
Cavolina qiiadridentata bispinosa---Cavolina qiiadridentata bispinosa
Cavolina quadridentata---Cavolina quadridentata
Cavolina tridentata---Cavolina tridentata
Cavolina trispinosa---Cavolina trispinosa
Cerastoderma---Cerastoderma
Cerastoderma pinmdatiim---Cerastoderma pinmdatiim
Cerastoderma pinnulatwn---Cerastoderma pinnulatwn
Ceratostoina foliatum---Ceratostoina foliatum
Ceratozojja rugosa---Ceratozojja rugosa
Ceratozona---Ceratozona
Ceratozona nigosa---Ceratozona nigosa
Ceratozona rugosa---Ceratozona rugosa
Cerilhidea---Cerilhidea
Cerilhium---Cerilhium
Cerithiacea---Cerithiacea
Cerithidea costata---Cerithidea costata
Cerithidea costatada---Cerithidea costatada
Cerithidea hegeivischi---Cerithidea hegeivischi
Cerithidea hegeivischi caliornica---Cerithidea hegeivischi caliornica
Cerithidea pliculosa---Cerithidea pliculosa
Cerithidea scalari---Cerithidea scalari
Cerithidea scalarijormis---Cerithidea scalarijormis
Cerithidea scalariorvns---Cerithidea scalariorvns
Cerithidea turrita---Cerithidea turrita
Cerithideopsis---Cerithideopsis
Cerithiidae---Cerithiidae
Cerithimn---Cerithimn
Cerithiopsinae---Cerithiopsinae
Cerithiopsis greeni---Cerithiopsis greeni
Cerithiopsis subulata---Cerithiopsis subulata
Cerithium algicola---Cerithium algicola
Cerithium ebiirneum---Cerithium ebiirneum
Cerithium floridanum---Cerithium floridanum
Cerithium literatiim---Cerithium literatiim
Cerithium muscaruni---Cerithium muscaruni
Cerithiwn algicola---Cerithiwn algicola
Cerodrillia acestra---Cerodrillia acestra
Cerodrillia perry ae---Cerodrillia perry ae
Cerodrillia thea---Cerodrillia thea
Certthiun variabile---Certthiun variabile
Chaetopleiira apiculata---Chaetopleiira apiculata
Chaetopleura---Chaetopleura
Chaetopleura apiculata---Chaetopleura apiculata
Chaina congregata---Chaina congregata
Chama florida---Chama florida
Chama inacerophylla---Chama inacerophylla
Chama pellucida---Chama pellucida
Chama vmcerophylla---Chama vmcerophylla
Charojiia tritonis nobilis---Charojiia tritonis nobilis
Charonia tritonis nobilis---Charonia tritonis nobilis
Cheilea---Cheilea
Cheilea ecfuestris---Cheilea ecfuestris
Cheilea equestris---Cheilea equestris
Chiojie cancellata---Chiojie cancellata
Chione---Chione
Chione calif undatella---Chione calif undatella
Chione califomiensis---Chione califomiensis
Chione californiensis undatella---Chione californiensis undatella
Chione calijorniensis---Chione calijorniensis
Chione cancellata---Chione cancellata
Chione fluctifraga---Chione fluctifraga
Chione gnis---Chione gnis
Chione griis---Chione griis
Chione intapurpnrea---Chione intapurpnrea
Chione intapurpurea---Chione intapurpurea
Chione latilirata---Chione latilirata
Chione paphia---Chione paphia
Chione pygnmea---Chione pygnmea
Chitoji tuber ciilata---Chitoji tuber ciilata
Chiton laevigatus---Chiton laevigatus
Chiton niarmoratus---Chiton niarmoratus
Chiton squatosiis---Chiton squatosiis
Chitonida---Chitonida
Chitoninae---Chitoninae
Chitons---Chitons
Chlainys---Chlainys
Chlamys bastata hastata---Chlamys bastata hastata
Chlamys benedicti---Chlamys benedicti
Chlamys hastata hastata---Chlamys hastata hastata
Chlamys hastata hericia---Chlamys hastata hericia
Chlamys hindsi---Chlamys hindsi
Chlamys imbricata---Chlamys imbricata
Chlamys inildredae---Chlamys inildredae
Chlamys mildredae---Chlamys mildredae
Chlamys ornata---Chlamys ornata
Chlamys sentis---Chlamys sentis
Chlays---Chlays
Chlcniiys imbrieata---Chlcniiys imbrieata
Chlmnys islandica---Chlmnys islandica
Chlorostoma---Chlorostoma
Chmiia sinuosa---Chmiia sinuosa
Chonopsis---Chonopsis
Chrysodomis---Chrysodomis
Chrysodomus satura---Chrysodomus satura
Ci  jentia---Ci  jentia
Ciimingia---Ciimingia
Cingula aculeus---Cingula aculeus
Cingula kelseyi---Cingula kelseyi
Circojnphahis---Circojnphahis
Circostrema lain---Circostrema lain
Cittariwn---Cittariwn
Cjdamys islaudica---Cjdamys islaudica
Cjiione fliictifraga---Cjiione fliictifraga
Cjiione gnidia---Cjiione gnidia
Clavinae---Clavinae
Cleodora---Cleodora
Cleodora exacuta---Cleodora exacuta
Cleodora virgula---Cleodora virgula
Clinocardhim ciliatuvt---Clinocardhim ciliatuvt
Clinocardhmi nuttalli---Clinocardhmi nuttalli
Clinocardiimi fucanum---Clinocardiimi fucanum
Clinocardium ciliaturn---Clinocardium ciliaturn
Clinocardium nuttalli---Clinocardium nuttalli
Clinucardium nuttalli---Clinucardium nuttalli
Clio cuspidata---Clio cuspidata
Clio polita---Clio polita
Clio polita cinata---Clio polita cinata
Clio reciirva---Clio reciirva
Clio recurva---Clio recurva
Clio tridentata---Clio tridentata
Clypidella---Clypidella
Cochlespirinae---Cochlespirinae
Codakia californica---Codakia californica
Codakia calijornica---Codakia calijornica
Codakia costata---Codakia costata
Codakia orbicidata---Codakia orbicidata
Codakia orbicularis---Codakia orbicularis
Codnkia orhiculata---Codnkia orhiculata
Cohis stimpsoni---Cohis stimpsoni
Cohnnbella---Cohnnbella
Coims anstiin---Coims anstiin
Coims aureojasciatus---Coims aureojasciatus
Coins caelata---Coins caelata
Coins pubescens---Coins pubescens
Coins pygmaea---Coins pygmaea
Coins siimpsoni---Coins siimpsoni
Coins ventricosus---Coins ventricosus
Coius clarki---Coius clarki
Coius juliae---Coius juliae
Cojigeria---Cojigeria
Cojiiis clarki---Cojiiis clarki
Cojjus---Cojjus
Colmnbella---Colmnbella
Colubraria lanceolata---Colubraria lanceolata
Colubrellina---Colubrellina
Coluhraria---Coluhraria
Columbella luercatoria---Columbella luercatoria
Columbella nercatoria---Columbella nercatoria
Columbellft---Columbellft
Colus pubescens---Colus pubescens
Colus pygmaea---Colus pygmaea
Colus spitzbergensis---Colus spitzbergensis
Colwnbella rusticoides---Colwnbella rusticoides
Comis clarki---Comis clarki
Comis textile---Comis textile
Compsomyax---Compsomyax
Compsomyax subdiaphana---Compsomyax subdiaphana
Con us daiicus---Con us daiicus
Congeria leucophaeata---Congeria leucophaeata
Conns floridamis---Conns floridamis
Conns granulatus---Conns granulatus
Conns maiei---Conns maiei
Conns mus---Conns mus
Conns regius---Conns regius
Conns sozoni---Conns sozoni
Conns spnrius aihniticus---Conns spnrius aihniticus
Conns stimpsoni---Conns stimpsoni
Conns vernicosiis---Conns vernicosiis
Conns villepini---Conns villepini
Conorbiinae---Conorbiinae
Conpsomyax subdiaphmia---Conpsomyax subdiaphmia
Conpsonyax subdiaphana---Conpsonyax subdiaphana
Conus aureofasciatus---Conus aureofasciatus
Conus californiciis---Conus californiciis
Conus floiidantis---Conus floiidantis
Conus ftoridaniis floridensis---Conus ftoridaniis floridensis
Conus senyiottorum---Conus senyiottorum
Conus sozoni---Conus sozoni
Conus stearnsi---Conus stearnsi
Conus verrucosus---Conus verrucosus
Conus villepini---Conus villepini
Cooperella---Cooperella
Cooperella subdiaphana---Cooperella subdiaphana
Cooperellinae---Cooperellinae
Coralliopbila---Coralliopbila
Coralliophaga---Coralliophaga
Coralliophaga coralliophaga---Coralliophaga coralliophaga
Corbiculidae---Corbiculidae
Corbida---Corbida
Corbiila luteola---Corbiila luteola
Corbula barrattiajia---Corbula barrattiajia
Corbula sioipiana---Corbula sioipiana
Corbula swijtiana---Corbula swijtiana
Corculum---Corculum
Corhila contracta---Corhila contracta
Coryphella---Coryphella
Coryphella rufibranchialis---Coryphella rufibranchialis
Coryphella rujibraiichialis---Coryphella rujibraiichialis
Costacallista---Costacallista
Crassatellites---Crassatellites
Crassispira ebenina---Crassispira ebenina
Crassispira ostrcarum---Crassispira ostrcarum
Crassispirella---Crassispirella
Crassmella---Crassmella
Crassmella himdata---Crassmella himdata
Crassostrea gigas---Crassostrea gigas
Crassostrea virgiiiica---Crassostrea virgiiiica
Crassostrea virginica---Crassostrea virginica
Creiella faba---Creiella faba
Crenella cohmibiana---Crenella cohmibiana
Crenella columbiana---Crenella columbiana
Crenella decussata---Crenella decussata
Crenella divaricata---Crenella divaricata
Crenella faba---Crenella faba
Crenella glandula---Crenella glandula
Crepidiila fomicata---Crepidiila fomicata
Crepidula aculeata---Crepidula aculeata
Crepidula adunca---Crepidula adunca
Crepidula forjiicata---Crepidula forjiicata
Crepidula fornicata---Crepidula fornicata
Crepidula ninmnaria---Crepidula ninmnaria
Crepidula ojiyx---Crepidula ojiyx
Crepipatella---Crepipatella
Crepipatella lingiilata---Crepipatella lingiilata
Crepipatella lingulata---Crepipatella lingulata
Creseis acicida---Creseis acicida
Creseis aciciila---Creseis aciciila
Creseis virgula---Creseis virgula
Creuella glandida---Creuella glandida
Creviides---Creviides
Crucibidum spinosum---Crucibidum spinosum
Crucibulum auricula---Crucibulum auricula
Crucibulum spinosum---Crucibulum spinosum
Crustacea---Crustacea
Cryptjya calijormca---Cryptjya calijormca
Cryptochiton---Cryptochiton
Cryptoconchiis floridanus---Cryptoconchiis floridanus
Cryptoconchns floridaniis---Cryptoconchns floridaniis
Cryptoconchus---Cryptoconchus
Cryptomya---Cryptomya
Ctispidaria lacialis---Ctispidaria lacialis
Cumingia calijornica---Cumingia calijornica
Cunearca---Cunearca
Cuspidaria glacialis---Cuspidaria glacialis
Cuspidaria granidata---Cuspidaria granidata
Cuspidaria jeffreysi---Cuspidaria jeffreysi
Cuspidaria rostraia---Cuspidaria rostraia
Cuspidaria rostrata---Cuspidaria rostrata
Cuspidariidae---Cuspidariidae
Cuvierina columnella---Cuvierina columnella
Cyathodouta uudulaia---Cyathodouta uudulaia
Cyclostrevia---Cyclostrevia
Cyclostrevm cancellatum---Cyclostrevm cancellatum
Cyclotellina---Cyclotellina
Cyinatiwn gracile---Cyinatiwn gracile
Cylichna alba---Cylichna alba
Cylichna bidentata---Cylichna bidentata
Cylichna bideutata---Cylichna bideutata
Cylichna gouldi---Cylichna gouldi
Cymaiuim muriciuum---Cymaiuim muriciuum
Cymalium gracile---Cymalium gracile
Cymatinni chlorostomum---Cymatinni chlorostomum
Cymatiuin femorale---Cymatiuin femorale
Cymatium cynocephahwi---Cymatium cynocephahwi
Cymatium cynocephalum---Cymatium cynocephalum
Cymatium femorale---Cymatium femorale
Cymatium labiosum---Cymatium labiosum
Cymatium martinianum---Cymatium martinianum
Cymatiuni labiosum---Cymatiuni labiosum
Cymatiut chlorostomwn---Cymatiut chlorostomwn
Cynssinella mactracea---Cynssinella mactracea
Cyphoma emarginata---Cyphoma emarginata
Cyphoma gibbosa---Cyphoma gibbosa
Cyphoma gibbosum---Cyphoma gibbosum
Cyphoma gibbosurn---Cyphoma gibbosurn
Cyphovta signatum---Cyphovta signatum
Cypraea spurca aciciilaris---Cypraea spurca aciciilaris
Cypraea spurca acicularis---Cypraea spurca acicularis
Cypraeacea---Cypraeacea
Cypraecassis coarctata---Cypraecassis coarctata
Cypraecassis tenuis---Cypraecassis tenuis
Cypraecassis testiculus---Cypraecassis testiculus
Cypraeidae---Cypraeidae
Cypraeolina---Cypraeolina
Cyprina---Cyprina
Cyrtodaria siliqiia---Cyrtodaria siliqiia
Cyrtopleiira---Cyrtopleiira
D. alterjiata---D. alterjiata
D. arborescens---D. arborescens
D. cayenensis---D. cayenensis
D. densiclathrata---D. densiclathrata
D. dentata---D. dentata
D. discus---D. discus
D. dysoni---D. dysoni
D. eboreum---D. eboreum
D. entale---D. entale
D. ftoridana---D. ftoridana
D. globosa---D. globosa
D. granulosa---D. granulosa
D. hiemalis---D. hiemalis
D. pilsbryi---D. pilsbryi
D. pretiosiim---D. pretiosiim
D. pseiidohexagonum---D. pseiidohexagonum
D. punctata---D. punctata
Daphnella---Daphnella
Daphnella lymneiformis---Daphnella lymneiformis
Daphnellinae---Daphnellinae
Dbwcardiuni robustutn---Dbwcardiuni robustutn
Defidrodoris---Defidrodoris
Deiitalmm---Deiitalmm
Demise ala de---Demise ala de
Dendrodoris fulva---Dendrodoris fulva
Dendroiotus frondosus---Dendroiotus frondosus
Dendroiwtus frundosus---Dendroiwtus frundosus
Dendronotus giganteus---Dendronotus giganteus
Dentale---Dentale
Dentalhnn---Dentalhnn
Dentaliimt---Dentaliimt
Dentalimn---Dentalimn
Dentalimn eboreum---Dentalimn eboreum
Dentalium autillarum---Dentalium autillarum
Dentalium calamus---Dentalium calamus
Dentalium entale stimpsoni---Dentalium entale stimpsoni
Dentalium floridense---Dentalium floridense
Dentalium occidentale---Dentalium occidentale
Dentalium pilsbryi---Dentalium pilsbryi
Dentalium pretiosum---Dentalium pretiosum
Dentalium semistriolatum---Dentalium semistriolatum
Dentalium sowerbyi---Dentalium sowerbyi
Dentalium texasiamnn---Dentalium texasiamnn
Dentalium texasianum---Dentalium texasianum
Dentaliwn elephantinum---Dentaliwn elephantinum
Dentilucina---Dentilucina
Diaidula---Diaidula
Diaphana debilis---Diaphana debilis
Diaphana vmiuta---Diaphana vmiuta
Diaphiina---Diaphiina
Diaulula saiidiegeusis---Diaulula saiidiegeusis
Diaulula sandiegensis---Diaulula sandiegensis
Dibenis---Dibenis
Diiocardium---Diiocardium
Dinocardhnn vanhyiiingi---Dinocardhnn vanhyiiingi
Dinocardium robustwit vanhyningi---Dinocardium robustwit vanhyningi
Dinocardiut robustum---Dinocardiut robustum
Dinocardiwn---Dinocardiwn
Diodora aspera---Diodora aspera
Diodora cayenensis---Diodora cayenensis
Diodora cayetiensis---Diodora cayetiensis
Diodora dysoni---Diodora dysoni
Diodora listeri---Diodora listeri
Diodora minuta---Diodora minuta
Diodora murvna---Diodora murvna
Diodorinae---Diodorinae
Diplodonta orbella---Diplodonta orbella
Diplodonta punctata---Diplodonta punctata
Dischides tvtys i---Dischides tvtys i
Discodoris heatbi---Discodoris heatbi
Discodorts---Discodorts
Dispotaea---Dispotaea
Dissentoma prima---Dissentoma prima
Distorsio clathrata---Distorsio clathrata
Distorsio constrict mcgintyi---Distorsio constrict mcgintyi
Divaricella qiiadrisulcata---Divaricella qiiadrisulcata
Divaricella quadrisidcata---Divaricella quadrisidcata
Divaricella von---Divaricella von
Donacidae---Donacidae
Donax califorjiicus---Donax califorjiicus
Donax denticidata---Donax denticidata
Donax denticulatus---Donax denticulatus
Donax goiildi---Donax goiildi
Donax gouldi---Donax gouldi
Donax striates---Donax striates
Donax tuindus---Donax tuindus
Donax variabilis roemeri---Donax variabilis roemeri
Doridacea---Doridacea
Dorididae---Dorididae
Doryteuthis---Doryteuthis
Doryteuthis plei---Doryteuthis plei
Dosina---Dosina
Dosinia discus---Dosinia discus
Dosinia elegajis---Dosinia elegajis
Dosinidia---Dosinidia
Dosiniinae---Dosiniinae
Dosmia discus---Dosmia discus
Douax californicus---Douax californicus
Douax gouldi---Douax gouldi
Dreissenacea---Dreissenacea
Driipa---Driipa
Drupa nodulosa---Drupa nodulosa
E. angulatum---E. angulatum
E. caudata---E. caudata
E. clathrmn---E. clathrmn
E. commune---E. commune
E. contorqiiata---E. contorqiiata
E. etterae---E. etterae
E. gibbesi---E. gibbesi
E. humphrey si---E. humphrey si
E. megistus---E. megistus
E. occidentale---E. occidentale
E. rostratula---E. rostratula
E. stimpsoiii---E. stimpsoiii
E. swifti---E. swifti
Echifiinus nodulosus---Echifiinus nodulosus
Echininus---Echininus
Echininus nodiilosus---Echininus nodiilosus
Echinochaiua arcinella californica---Echinochaiua arcinella californica
Echinochama---Echinochama
Echinochama arcinella---Echinochama arcinella
Echinochama cornuta---Echinochama cornuta
Echinochmna cornuta---Echinochmna cornuta
Echmochauia---Echmochauia
Ecliininus nodulosus---Ecliininus nodulosus
Efitoconchidae---Efitoconchidae
Eidijnidae---Eidijnidae
Eiibranchiis---Eiibranchiis
Eiidoliiim crosseamim---Eiidoliiim crosseamim
Eiipleiira caudata---Eiipleiira caudata
Eiipleiira sidcidevtata---Eiipleiira sidcidevtata
Eiipleiira stimpsoni---Eiipleiira stimpsoni
Eiisis---Eiisis
Eiisis directus---Eiisis directus
Eiuis directus---Eiuis directus
Ejjsis myrae---Ejjsis myrae
Elephantanellwn---Elephantanellwn
Emargifiula phrixodes---Emargifiula phrixodes
Emarginula---Emarginula
Emarginula phrixo----Emarginula phrixo-
Emarginulinae---Emarginulinae
Emminae---Emminae
Engina---Engina
Engina tnrhinella---Engina tnrhinella
Engina turbinella---Engina turbinella
Ensis directiis---Ensis directiis
Ensis siliqua---Ensis siliqua
Entocolax---Entocolax
Entoconcha---Entoconcha
Entodesjua saxicola---Entodesjua saxicola
Entodesma---Entodesma
Eontia---Eontia
Epitomum---Epitomum
Epitonhnn---Epitonhnn
Epitoniacea---Epitoniacea
Epitoniidae---Epitoniidae
Epitonium angulaiwn---Epitonium angulaiwn
Epitonium angulatum---Epitonium angulatum
Epitonium ehurneum---Epitonium ehurneum
Epitonium foliaceicostwm---Epitonium foliaceicostwm
Epitonium hiimphreysi---Epitonium hiimphreysi
Epitonium humphrey si---Epitonium humphrey si
Epitonium indianorum---Epitonium indianorum
Epitonium krebsi---Epitonium krebsi
Epitonium lamellosum---Epitonium lamellosum
Epitonium laynellosiiin---Epitonium laynellosiiin
Epitonium rupicola---Epitonium rupicola
Epitonium seal are---Epitonium seal are
Epitonmm tollini---Epitonmm tollini
Erato iaugeriae---Erato iaugeriae
Erato vitellina---Erato vitellina
Eratoinae---Eratoinae
Eros aria---Eros aria
Ervilia concentrica---Ervilia concentrica
Erycina jernmidina---Erycina jernmidina
Erycinidae---Erycinidae
Eubraiichus exiguus---Eubraiichus exiguus
Eubranchus exiguiis---Eubranchus exiguiis
Eubranchus pallidus---Eubranchus pallidus
Eucrassatella speciosa---Eucrassatella speciosa
Eucrassatella speciosa h---Eucrassatella speciosa h
Eudolium---Eudolium
Eudoliun crosseanum---Eudoliun crosseanum
Eugina turbinella---Eugina turbinella
Eulima---Eulima
Eulithidium rubrilineatwn---Eulithidium rubrilineatwn
Eunaticina---Eunaticina
Eunaticina oldroydi---Eunaticina oldroydi
Eupleiira---Eupleiira
Eupleura caiidata---Eupleura caiidata
Eury tellina---Eury tellina
Ewarginula---Ewarginula
F. angusta---F. angusta
F. barbadensis---F. barbadensis
F. distans---F. distans
F. hunteria---F. hunteria
F. immnilum---F. immnilum
F. kobelti---F. kobelti
F. regzilaris---F. regzilaris
F. tulipa---F. tulipa
Facten---Facten
Fanomya---Fanomya
Farapholas californica---Farapholas californica
Fardstarte---Fardstarte
Fartidiini---Fartidiini
Farvilucina---Farvilucina
Fasciolaria gigantea---Fasciolaria gigantea
Fasciolaria hunteria---Fasciolaria hunteria
Fasciolaria tulipa---Fasciolaria tulipa
Fasciolariinae---Fasciolariinae
Fecten jacobaeus---Fecten jacobaeus
Fedicularia decussata---Fedicularia decussata
Fenitella---Fenitella
Feracle---Feracle
Feracle bispinosa---Feracle bispinosa
Feracle reticulata---Feracle reticulata
Feriploma---Feriploma
Feriploma fragile---Feriploma fragile
Feriploma leanmn---Feriploma leanmn
Feriploma leanum---Feriploma leanum
Feriplovia papyratiwn---Feriplovia papyratiwn
Ferminoscala---Ferminoscala
Ferotrochus adansonianus---Ferotrochus adansonianus
Fetricola pholadiforfnis---Fetricola pholadiforfnis
Fetricola pholadiformis---Fetricola pholadiformis
Fetricolaria---Fetricolaria
Fhacoides fllosiis---Fhacoides fllosiis
Fhacotdes filosus---Fhacotdes filosus
Fhalium---Fhalium
Fhalium granulatum---Fhalium granulatum
Fhilijie---Fhilijie
Fhimidella---Fhimidella
Fholadidea---Fholadidea
Fhylloda sqiiajnijera---Fhylloda sqiiajnijera
Ficus papyratia---Ficus papyratia
Fiilgur---Fiilgur
Fiincuirella---Fiincuirella
Fiisimts harfordi---Fiisimts harfordi
Fiisinus---Fiisinus
Fiisinus couei---Fiisinus couei
Fimcturella---Fimcturella
Finnidae---Finnidae
Firoloida---Firoloida
Fisania pusio---Fisania pusio
Fissiirella---Fissiirella
Fissurella barbadensis---Fissurella barbadensis
Fissurella barhadensis---Fissurella barhadensis
Fissurella nodosa---Fissurella nodosa
Fissurella rosea---Fissurella rosea
Fissurellinae---Fissurellinae
Fistulaia---Fistulaia
Fitar lupanaria---Fitar lupanaria
Fitar morrhuana---Fitar morrhuana
Flacopecten magellanicus---Flacopecten magellanicus
Flagiocteniuin---Flagiocteniuin
Flanaxis---Flanaxis
Flatyodon---Flatyodon
Fleiirobranchiis---Fleiirobranchiis
Fleurolucina---Fleurolucina
Fleurovieris---Fleurovieris
Fneumodernia---Fneumodernia
Folinices---Folinices
Folinices duplicatus---Folinices duplicatus
Folymesoda---Folymesoda
Folymesoda caroliniana---Folymesoda caroliniana
Folystira telle a---Folystira telle a
Foromya---Foromya
Forreria belcheri---Forreria belcheri
Forreria belclieri---Forreria belclieri
Forreria cerroscusis---Forreria cerroscusis
Forreria cerrosensis catalmensis---Forreria cerrosensis catalmensis
Forreria cerrosensis cerrosensis---Forreria cerrosensis cerrosensis
Fossarus---Fossarus
Frimovula---Frimovula
Frimovula carnea---Frimovula carnea
Frotoniiciila---Frotoniiciila
Frotothaca staininea---Frotothaca staininea
Frotothaca tenerrima---Frotothaca tenerrima
Froviartynia---Froviartynia
Frunmtt labiatun---Frunmtt labiatun
Frunum amabile---Frunum amabile
Frunum roosevelti---Frunum roosevelti
Fsammocola---Fsammocola
Fsamvtocola---Fsamvtocola
Fsavtmosolen---Fsavtmosolen
Fseiidochama radians---Fseiidochama radians
Fsendochama---Fsendochama
Fsendopythhia rugifera---Fsendopythhia rugifera
Fseudochaia radiajs---Fseudochaia radiajs
Fseudomalaxis balesi---Fseudomalaxis balesi
Fseudomalaxis nobilis---Fseudomalaxis nobilis
Fseudomalaxis nobilis errill---Fseudomalaxis nobilis errill
Fseudomiltha---Fseudomiltha
Fseudoneptunea---Fseudoneptunea
Fseudopythina rugifera---Fseudopythina rugifera
Fugleria---Fugleria
Fulgiir---Fulgiir
Fulgur perversa---Fulgur perversa
Fulguropsis---Fulguropsis
Fusimis eucosmius---Fusimis eucosmius
Fusininae---Fusininae
Fusinus barbarensis---Fusinus barbarensis
Fusinus couei---Fusinus couei
Fusinus dupelit-lhouarsi---Fusinus dupelit-lhouarsi
Fusinus dupelitlhouarsi---Fusinus dupelitlhouarsi
Fusinus eucosnius---Fusinus eucosnius
Fusinus harfordi---Fusinus harfordi
Fusinus kobelti---Fusinus kobelti
Fusinus thnessus---Fusinus thnessus
Fusinus timessus---Fusinus timessus
Fyramidella---Fyramidella
G. atlanticiis---G. atlanticiis
G. catanella---G. catanella
G. cmereum---G. cmereum
G. forsteri---G. forsteri
G. meckeli---G. meckeli
G. ovulijoniiis---G. ovulijoniiis
G. pacificui---G. pacificui
G. peniacea---G. peniacea
G. porterae---G. porterae
G. radiata---G. radiata
G. universitatis---G. universitatis
Gale odes---Gale odes
Gari californica---Gari californica
Gari cnliforriica---Gari cnliforriica
Gastrana irus---Gastrana irus
Gastrochaenidae---Gastrochaenidae
Gastropoda---Gastropoda
Gastropteron rubrum---Gastropteron rubrum
Gaza ivatsoni---Gaza ivatsoni
Gaza superba---Gaza superba
Geiinnula periscelida---Geiinnula periscelida
Geimna---Geimna
Gejnma gevnna---Gejnma gevnna
Gemma gemma---Gemma gemma
Gemmula---Gemmula
Genmmla periscelida---Genmmla periscelida
Genota---Genota
Genota viabrunnea---Genota viabrunnea
Ghcymeris---Ghcymeris
Gibbenilina---Gibbenilina
Gibberulina ovuliformis---Gibberulina ovuliformis
Gibberulina pyriformis---Gibberulina pyriformis
Gibbida---Gibbida
Gibbula---Gibbula
Gibbulinae---Gibbulinae
Gihberula---Gihberula
Gjaiis---Gjaiis
Glaiiciis mamnis---Glaiiciis mamnis
Glossaulax---Glossaulax
Glossodoridinae---Glossodoridinae
Glossodoris calif orniensis---Glossodoris calif orniensis
Glossodoris macjarlandi---Glossodoris macjarlandi
Glossodoris porterae---Glossodoris porterae
Gly cymeris---Gly cymeris
Glycimerts---Glycimerts
Glycyiiwris deciissata---Glycyiiwris deciissata
Glycyjneris undata---Glycyjneris undata
Glycymeris americana---Glycymeris americana
Glycymeris decussata---Glycymeris decussata
Glycymeris pectinata---Glycymeris pectinata
Glycymeris subobsoleta---Glycymeris subobsoleta
Glycyrneris undata---Glycyrneris undata
Glyphostoma---Glyphostoma
Glyphostoma gabbi---Glyphostoma gabbi
Gobraeus---Gobraeus
Goiddia cerina---Goiddia cerina
Gojiyaulax---Gojiyaulax
Gonyaiilax---Gonyaiilax
Gouldia---Gouldia
Gutturnium---Gutturnium
Gycymcris subobsuletn---Gycymcris subobsuletn
Gymnobela---Gymnobela
Gymnobela blakeana---Gymnobela blakeana
Gyroscala---Gyroscala
H. aiilaea---H. aiilaea
H. angiilata---H. angiilata
H. arctica---H. arctica
H. assimilis---H. assimilis
H. avefia---H. avefia
H. avenacea---H. avenacea
H. c bonita---H. c bonita
H. c holzneri---H. c holzneri
H. c imperforata---H. c imperforata
H. c lusus---H. c lusus
H. c splendidula---H. c splendidula
H. corrugata---H. corrugata
H. cracherodi---H. cracherodi
H. cyibiorviis---H. cyibiorviis
H. fulgens---H. fulgens
H. kamtschatkana---H. kamtschatkana
H. linnei---H. linnei
H. olgae---H. olgae
H. pacificiis---H. pacificiis
H. physis---H. physis
H. revea---H. revea
H. rugosa---H. rugosa
H. smithsont---H. smithsont
H. sorenseni---H. sorenseni
H. splendens---H. splendens
H. striata---H. striata
H. torticida---H. torticida
H. turveri---H. turveri
Haininoea solitaria---Haininoea solitaria
Haliotis cracherodi---Haliotis cracherodi
Haliotis pourtalesi---Haliotis pourtalesi
Haliotis rujescens---Haliotis rujescens
Haliotis walallefisis---Haliotis walallefisis
Haloconcha reftexa---Haloconcha reftexa
Halopsyche---Halopsyche
Haminea---Haminea
Haminoea vesicida---Haminoea vesicida
Haminoea virescens---Haminoea virescens
Heterodoiax bimaculatus---Heterodoiax bimaculatus
Heterodonax bimaculatus---Heterodonax bimaculatus
Heterodonta---Heterodonta
Heteropoda---Heteropoda
Heteroteuthis---Heteroteuthis
Heteroteuthis tenera---Heteroteuthis tenera
Hiatella arctica---Hiatella arctica
Hiatella gallicana---Hiatella gallicana
Hiatellidae---Hiatellidae
Himiites---Himiites
Himjttes multirugosiis---Himjttes multirugosiis
Hippojiix---Hippojiix
Hipponicacea---Hipponicacea
Hipponix anlijuatus---Hipponix anlijuatus
Hipponix antiquata---Hipponix antiquata
Hipponix antiquatus---Hipponix antiquatus
Hipponix barbatus---Hipponix barbatus
Hipponix benthopbilns---Hipponix benthopbilns
Hipponix subrufus subrufus---Hipponix subrufus subrufus
Hipponix szibruftis tiimens---Hipponix szibruftis tiimens
Hippopus---Hippopus
Hmmnoea---Hmmnoea
Hmnites giganteis---Hmnites giganteis
Homalopoma albida---Homalopoma albida
Homalopoma bacula---Homalopoma bacula
Homalopoma lurida---Homalopoma lurida
Hopkinsia---Hopkinsia
Horinomya---Horinomya
Humilaria---Humilaria
Humites multirugosns---Humites multirugosns
Hyalaea---Hyalaea
Hyalaea afflnis---Hyalaea afflnis
Hyalaea conijormis---Hyalaea conijormis
Hyalaea linbata---Hyalaea linbata
Hyaliia torticula---Hyaliia torticula
Hyalina avena---Hyalina avena
Hyalina avenacea---Hyalina avenacea
Hyalina avoui---Hyalina avoui
Hyalina avoui a---Hyalina avoui a
Hyalina californica---Hyalina californica
Hyalina veliei---Hyalina veliei
Hyaliva avena---Hyaliva avena
Hyalocylis---Hyalocylis
Hyalocylis striata---Hyalocylis striata
Hysteroconcha---Hysteroconcha
Idioraphe---Idioraphe
Imassarius---Imassarius
Imiceolata---Imiceolata
Inodrillara---Inodrillara
Inodrillia---Inodrillia
Inodrillia aepynota---Inodrillia aepynota
Iphigenia---Iphigenia
Iphigenia brasiliensis---Iphigenia brasiliensis
Irus lamellifera---Irus lamellifera
Irus laviellifera---Irus laviellifera
Ischnochitoji papillosus---Ischnochitoji papillosus
Ischnochiton acrior---Ischnochiton acrior
Ischnochiton albus---Ischnochiton albus
Ischnochiton conspicuus---Ischnochiton conspicuus
Ischnochiton cooperi---Ischnochiton cooperi
Ischnochiton floridanus---Ischnochiton floridanus
Ischnochiton magdalenensis---Ischnochiton magdalenensis
Ischnochiton mertensi---Ischnochiton mertensi
Ischnochiton palmulatiis---Ischnochiton palmulatiis
Ischnochiton purpmascens---Ischnochiton purpmascens
Ischnochiton regularis---Ischnochiton regularis
Ischnochitonid---Ischnochitonid
Ischnochitonidae---Ischnochitonidae
Iscknochiton calif orniensis---Iscknochiton calif orniensis
Isognomon alatiis---Isognomon alatiis
Isognomon bicolor---Isognomon bicolor
Isognomon chemiiitzianus---Isognomon chemiiitzianus
Isognomon radiatus---Isognomon radiatus
Janacus---Janacus
Janthifiidae---Janthifiidae
Janthina---Janthina
Janthina janthina---Janthina janthina
Janthinas---Janthinas
Janthma---Janthma
Jantlmia---Jantlmia
Jiimala kennicotti---Jiimala kennicotti
Jjiimtia pallida---Jjiimtia pallida
Jmmla crebricostata---Jmmla crebricostata
Jodina---Jodina
Jumala crehricostata---Jumala crehricostata
Jumala keitnicotti---Jumala keitnicotti
Katharina---Katharina
Katharina timicata---Katharina timicata
Katharina tunicata---Katharina tunicata
Katherina tunicata---Katherina tunicata
Kclletia kelleti---Kclletia kelleti
Kelleiia hcllcti---Kelleiia hcllcti
Kelletia---Kelletia
Kellia---Kellia
Kellia laperousi---Kellia laperousi
Kennerlia---Kennerlia
Krebsia---Krebsia
Kurtziella---Kurtziella
Kurtziella liifionitella---Kurtziella liifionitella
Kurtziella linoiitella---Kurtziella linoiitella
L. adspersa---L. adspersa
L. ajitillensis---L. ajitillensis
L. amiantus---L. amiantus
L. angulifera---L. angulifera
L. antillensis---L. antillensis
L. bairdi---L. bairdi
L. bombix---L. bombix
L. bomhyx---L. bomhyx
L. brevipinna---L. brevipinna
L. cancellata---L. cancellata
L. cingulifera---L. cingulifera
L. cookeana---L. cookeana
L. divaricata---L. divaricata
L. groenlandica---L. groenlandica
L. hemiptera---L. hemiptera
L. inflata---L. inflata
L. littorea---L. littorea
L. multilineata---L. multilineata
L. obtusata---L. obtusata
L. palliata---L. palliata
L. pica---L. pica
L. planaxis---L. planaxis
L. porrecta---L. porrecta
L. rudis---L. rudis
L. scabra---L. scabra
L. scutulata---L. scutulata
L. soiverbii---L. soiverbii
L. sowerbii---L. sowerbii
L. subviridis---L. subviridis
Labiosa---Labiosa
Labiosa lineata---Labiosa lineata
Labiosa plica---Labiosa plica
Labiosa plica tella---Labiosa plica tella
Labiosa plicatella---Labiosa plicatella
Lacuna imijasciata---Lacuna imijasciata
Lacuna pallidula---Lacuna pallidula
Lacuna vincta---Lacuna vincta
Lacuna vmcta---Lacuna vmcta
Laevicardiinae---Laevicardiinae
Laevicardimn---Laevicardimn
Laevicardium elatum---Laevicardium elatum
Laevicardium laevigatum---Laevicardium laevigatum
Laevicardium mortoni---Laevicardium mortoni
Laevicardium pictmn---Laevicardium pictmn
Laevicardium substriatum---Laevicardium substriatum
Laevicardium sybariticum---Laevicardium sybariticum
Laevicardium vtortoni---Laevicardium vtortoni
Laevicardiuni laevigahim---Laevicardiuni laevigahim
Lamellaria rhombic a---Lamellaria rhombic a
Lampusia---Lampusia
Lanpusia---Lanpusia
Larkinia---Larkinia
Laskeya---Laskeya
Latirus brevicaudatus---Latirus brevicaudatus
Latirus infundibulum---Latirus infundibulum
Latirus injundibulum---Latirus injundibulum
Latirus mcgintyi---Latirus mcgintyi
Leiovtya---Leiovtya
Lepeta---Lepeta
Lepeta caeca---Lepeta caeca
Lepidochitoiia hartuegi---Lepidochitoiia hartuegi
Lepidochitona dentiens---Lepidochitona dentiens
Lepidochitonidae---Lepidochitonidae
Lepidoplemiis---Lepidoplemiis
Lepidopleurida---Lepidopleurida
Lepidopleuroides---Lepidopleuroides
Lepidopleurus cancellatus---Lepidopleurus cancellatus
Leptegouana---Leptegouana
Leptogorgia hebes---Leptogorgia hebes
Leptogorgia virgulata---Leptogorgia virgulata
Lepton---Lepton
Leptonacea---Leptonacea
Leptopecten---Leptopecten
Leptopecten latianratus---Leptopecten latianratus
Leptopecten latiauratus---Leptopecten latiauratus
Leucozonia nassa---Leucozonia nassa
Leucozonia ocellata---Leucozonia ocellata
Levia de---Levia de
Licina---Licina
Liicapiriella callomargijiata---Liicapiriella callomargijiata
Liicina amiantus---Liicina amiantus
Liicina multilineata---Liicina multilineata
Liicina soffibrerensis---Liicina soffibrerensis
Liicina tenuisculpta---Liicina tenuisculpta
Liinatida subauriculata---Liinatida subauriculata
Liiria---Liiria
Lima heinphilli---Lima heinphilli
Lima lima---Lima lima
Lima scabra---Lima scabra
Limacina balea---Limacina balea
Limacina scaphoidea---Limacina scaphoidea
Limatula---Limatula
Lime a---Lime a
Limn hemphilli---Limn hemphilli
Limpets---Limpets
Lioberus---Lioberus
Lioberus castaneus---Lioberus castaneus
Liotia bairdi---Liotia bairdi
Liotiidae---Liotiidae
Liotiinae---Liotiinae
Lirobitthmi---Lirobitthmi
Lirophora---Lirophora
Lischkeia bairdi---Lischkeia bairdi
Lischkeia cidaris---Lischkeia cidaris
Lischkeia ottoi---Lischkeia ottoi
Lithodesma---Lithodesma
Lithophaga antillanim---Lithophaga antillanim
Lithophaga antillarum---Lithophaga antillarum
Lithophaga aristata---Lithophaga aristata
Lithophaga bisnlcata---Lithophaga bisnlcata
Lithophaga bisulcata---Lithophaga bisulcata
Lithophaga nigra---Lithophaga nigra
Lithophaga plujnula kelseyi---Lithophaga plujnula kelseyi
Lithophagn phnnula kelseyi---Lithophagn phnnula kelseyi
Lithophnga aristata---Lithophnga aristata
Litiopa melanostojna---Litiopa melanostojna
Litiopinae---Litiopinae
Littonna angulifern---Littonna angulifern
Littonna irrorata---Littonna irrorata
Littonna littorea---Littonna littorea
Littorijia obtusata---Littorijia obtusata
Littorina angulifera---Littorina angulifera
Littorina irrorata---Littorina irrorata
Littorina littorea---Littorina littorea
Littorina mespilhini---Littorina mespilhini
Littorina mespilhvm---Littorina mespilhvm
Littorina obtiisata---Littorina obtiisata
Littorina obtnsata---Littorina obtnsata
Littorina rneleagris---Littorina rneleagris
Littorina saxatilis---Littorina saxatilis
Littorina ziczac---Littorina ziczac
Littorinacea---Littorinacea
Littorinidae---Littorinidae
Littoriua saxntilis---Littoriua saxntilis
Littoriuidae---Littoriuidae
Livona---Livona
Livona pica---Livona pica
Lmnellibranchia---Lmnellibranchia
Lnciim floridana---Lnciim floridana
Lnila cockerelli---Lnila cockerelli
Lnnaiia lewisi---Lnnaiia lewisi
Loliginidae---Loliginidae
Loligo pealei---Loligo pealei
Loligo pealii---Loligo pealii
Lolligimcida brevis---Lolligimcida brevis
Lolliguncula brevis---Lolliguncula brevis
Lottia---Lottia
Luca pina sowerbii---Luca pina sowerbii
Lucapina sowerbii---Lucapina sowerbii
Lucapina suffusa---Lucapina suffusa
Lucapinella callomarginata---Lucapinella callomarginata
Lucapinella limatula---Lucapinella limatula
Lucina aiitiaiitus---Lucina aiitiaiitus
Lucina approxiinata---Lucina approxiinata
Lucina approximata---Lucina approximata
Lucina chrysostoma---Lucina chrysostoma
Lucina jamaicensis---Lucina jamaicensis
Lucina leiicocyvia---Lucina leiicocyvia
Lucina multilineata---Lucina multilineata
Lucina pennsylvanica---Lucina pennsylvanica
Lucina pensylvanica---Lucina pensylvanica
Lucina sonibrereiisis---Lucina sonibrereiisis
Lucina tenuisculpta---Lucina tenuisculpta
Lucinacea---Lucinacea
Lunaiia heros---Lunaiia heros
Lunar ca---Lunar ca
Lunatia beros---Lunatia beros
Lunatia groenlandica---Lunatia groenlandica
Lunatia gronlandica---Lunatia gronlandica
Lunatia leivisi---Lunatia leivisi
Lunatia pallida---Lunatia pallida
Lunatia triseriata---Lunatia triseriata
Lycoteuthis---Lycoteuthis
Lyonsia arenosa---Lyonsia arenosa
Lyonsiidae---Lyonsiidae
Lyropecteii---Lyropecteii
Lyropecten antillariim---Lyropecten antillariim
Lyropecten antillarum---Lyropecten antillarum
Lyropecten nodosiis---Lyropecten nodosiis
M. albomaculata---M. albomaculata
M. americanus---M. americanus
M. auger ia---M. auger ia
M. aureocincta---M. aureocincta
M. balthica---M. balthica
M. brevifrons---M. brevifrons
M. brota---M. brota
M. calcarea---M. calcarea
M. celhilosiis levimilus---M. celhilosiis levimilus
M. ciliata---M. ciliata
M. cinereus---M. cinereus
M. corona corona---M. corona corona
M. dejjticulta---M. dejjticulta
M. discors---M. discors
M. eburneola---M. eburneola
M. erinaceoides rhyssus---M. erinaceoides rhyssus
M. fergusoni---M. fergusoni
M. fioridmja---M. fioridmja
M. groenlandiciis---M. groenlandiciis
M. groenlandicus---M. groenlandicus
M. hamatus---M. hamatus
M. incongnm von---M. incongnm von
M. indentata---M. indentata
M. inis---M. inis
M. japonica---M. japonica
M. jaspidea---M. jaspidea
M. lavalleaiia---M. lavalleaiia
M. nasuta---M. nasuta
M. parcipictus---M. parcipictus
M. pedroaiia---M. pedroaiia
M. philtata---M. philtata
M. planhisciila---M. planhisciila
M. recurvirostris sallasi---M. recurvirostris sallasi
M. secta---M. secta
M. soiileyetiana---M. soiileyetiana
M. teniiirostris---M. teniiirostris
M. variegata---M. variegata
Machaeroplax---Machaeroplax
Macoiua brota---Macoiua brota
Macoma balthica---Macoma balthica
Macoma calcarea---Macoma calcarea
Macoma constricta---Macoma constricta
Macoma limiila---Macoma limiila
Macoma nasuta---Macoma nasuta
Macoma planhisciila---Macoma planhisciila
Macoma planiuscida---Macoma planiuscida
Macoma secta---Macoma secta
Macoma tenta---Macoma tenta
Macoma yoldijormis---Macoma yoldijormis
Macrocallista macalata---Macrocallista macalata
Macrocallista maculata---Macrocallista maculata
Macrocallista nimbosa---Macrocallista nimbosa
Macrocallista nimbosn---Macrocallista nimbosn
Macroji lividus---Macroji lividus
Macron---Macron
Macron lividus---Macron lividus
Mactra alata---Mactra alata
Mactra califomica---Mactra califomica
Mactra calijornica---Mactra calijornica
Mactracea---Mactracea
Maigelia morra---Maigelia morra
Mancinella---Mancinella
Mangelia---Mangelia
Mangelia corbicida---Mangelia corbicida
Mangelia mono---Mangelia mono
Mangeliinae---Mangeliinae
Mangilia---Mangilia
Margarite---Margarite
Margarites costalis---Margarites costalis
Margarites costalts---Margarites costalts
Margarites groenlandicus---Margarites groenlandicus
Margarites lindatus---Margarites lindatus
Margarites piipilhis---Margarites piipilhis
Margarites pupillus---Margarites pupillus
Margarites siiccinctiis---Margarites siiccinctiis
Margaritinae---Margaritinae
Marginella aureocincta---Marginella aureocincta
Marginella borealis---Marginella borealis
Marginella haematita---Marginella haematita
Marginella haematka---Marginella haematka
Marginellidae---Marginellidae
Martesia cuneijormis---Martesia cuneijormis
Martesia smithi---Martesia smithi
Martesia striata---Martesia striata
Massy la---Massy la
Megatebennus---Megatebennus
Megatebennus bimaculatus---Megatebennus bimaculatus
Megatebennus hiniacidatus---Megatebennus hiniacidatus
Megathiira cremilata---Megathiira cremilata
Megathura---Megathura
Megathura crenulata---Megathura crenulata
Meioceras---Meioceras
Melanella gibba---Melanella gibba
Melanella gracilis---Melanella gracilis
Melojigena corojia perspectiva---Melojigena corojia perspectiva
Melojtgena corona perspectiva---Melojtgena corona perspectiva
Melongena corona---Melongena corona
Melongena corona perspinosa---Melongena corona perspinosa
Melongena melongena---Melongena melongena
Melongeria melongejia---Melongeria melongejia
Merccnaria campechiensis---Merccnaria campechiensis
Mercejiaria campechiensis---Mercejiaria campechiensis
Mercenaria campechiensis---Mercenaria campechiensis
Mercenaria mercenaria---Mercenaria mercenaria
Mercenaria mercenaria texana---Mercenaria mercenaria texana
Mercenaria rncrcenaria---Mercenaria rncrcenaria
Mesodesma---Mesodesma
Mesodesma arctata---Mesodesma arctata
Mesodesma arctatimt---Mesodesma arctatimt
Mesodesmatidae---Mesodesmatidae
Mesogastropoda---Mesogastropoda
Mesopleura---Mesopleura
Metaplysia---Metaplysia
Meter odonax---Meter odonax
Meter omacovia---Meter omacovia
Microcardium tinctu---Microcardium tinctu
Microcardium tinctun---Microcardium tinctun
Microcardiwn---Microcardiwn
Microcardiwn peramabile---Microcardiwn peramabile
Micromelo---Micromelo
Miilinia---Miilinia
Miilinia lateralis---Miilinia lateralis
Miirex---Miirex
Miirex florifer---Miirex florifer
Miirex trunculiis---Miirex trunculiis
Miiricea muricata---Miiricea muricata
Miisculus lateralis---Miisculus lateralis
Milneria---Milneria
Mitra albicostata---Mitra albicostata
Mitra albocincta---Mitra albocincta
Mitra barbadejisis---Mitra barbadejisis
Mitra barbadensis---Mitra barbadensis
Mitra ftorida---Mitra ftorida
Mitra hendersoni---Mitra hendersoni
Mitra nodulosa---Mitra nodulosa
Mitra sidcata---Mitra sidcata
Mitra styria---Mitra styria
Mitra sulcata---Mitra sulcata
Mitra swainsoni antillensis---Mitra swainsoni antillensis
Mitrella lunata---Mitrella lunata
Mitrella raveneli---Mitrella raveneli
Mitrella tuberosa---Mitrella tuberosa
Mitromorpha aspera---Mitromorpha aspera
Mitromorpha filosa---Mitromorpha filosa
Mjirex---Mjirex
Mnrex jestivus---Mnrex jestivus
Mnscidus discors---Mnscidus discors
Mnscnlus laevigatus---Mnscnlus laevigatus
Mnscnlus niger---Mnscnlus niger
Modiohis demissus---Modiohis demissus
Modiolaria---Modiolaria
Modiolus ajnericajms---Modiolus ajnericajms
Modiolus americanus---Modiolus americanus
Modiolus capax---Modiolus capax
Modiolus demissus---Modiolus demissus
Modiolus deviissiis---Modiolus deviissiis
Modiolus forjjicatus---Modiolus forjjicatus
Modiolus fornicalus---Modiolus fornicalus
Modiolus modiolus---Modiolus modiolus
Modiolus viodiohts---Modiolus viodiohts
Moduli---Moduli
Modulus carchedonius---Modulus carchedonius
Modulus modulus---Modulus modulus
Modulus viodiihis---Modulus viodiihis
Modulus vwdulus---Modulus vwdulus
Moerella---Moerella
Moiiilispira leiicocyma---Moiiilispira leiicocyma
Momlispira albinodata---Momlispira albinodata
Monilispira---Monilispira
Monilispira albomacidata---Monilispira albomacidata
Monilispira leucocyma---Monilispira leucocyma
Monodontinae---Monodontinae
Mopalia ciliata---Mopalia ciliata
Mopalia hindsi---Mopalia hindsi
Mopalia lignosa---Mopalia lignosa
Mopalia muscosa---Mopalia muscosa
Morum oniscus---Morum oniscus
Morut oniscus---Morut oniscus
Mulinia---Mulinia
Mulinia lateralis---Mulinia lateralis
Murex antillarinn---Murex antillarinn
Murex beaui---Murex beaui
Murex bequaerti---Murex bequaerti
Murex brajidaris---Murex brajidaris
Murex brandaris---Murex brandaris
Murex brassica---Murex brassica
Murex braudaris---Murex braudaris
Murex brevifrons---Murex brevifrons
Murex brevijrons---Murex brevijrons
Murex burryi---Murex burryi
Murex cabriti---Murex cabriti
Murex cellulosus---Murex cellulosus
Murex cellulosus leviculus---Murex cellulosus leviculus
Murex cellulosus nuceus---Murex cellulosus nuceus
Murex erythrostomus---Murex erythrostomus
Murex festivus---Murex festivus
Murex fiorifer---Murex fiorifer
Murex fruuculus---Murex fruuculus
Murex fuhescens---Murex fuhescens
Murex gejimm---Murex gejimm
Murex gemma---Murex gemma
Murex hystricimis---Murex hystricimis
Murex macropterus---Murex macropterus
Murex pomum---Murex pomum
Murex recurvirostris rubidus---Murex recurvirostris rubidus
Murex regius---Murex regius
Murex santarosana---Murex santarosana
Murex trialatus---Murex trialatus
Murex trunculus---Murex trunculus
Murex tryoni---Murex tryoni
Muricacea---Muricacea
Muricanthus---Muricanthus
Muricea muricata---Muricea muricata
Muricid---Muricid
Muricidea---Muricidea
Muricinae---Muricinae
Muricopsis hexagona---Muricopsis hexagona
Muricopsis ostreanim---Muricopsis ostreanim
Muricopsis ostreanmt---Muricopsis ostreanmt
Muricopsis ostrearum---Muricopsis ostrearum
Muriscopsis hexagona---Muriscopsis hexagona
Musculus discors---Musculus discors
Musculus lateralis---Musculus lateralis
Musculus niger---Musculus niger
My a arenaria---My a arenaria
Mya areuaria---Mya areuaria
Mya ivuncata---Mya ivuncata
Myacidae---Myacidae
Mysella golischt---Mysella golischt
Mysella planulata---Mysella planulata
Mysella tmnida---Mysella tmnida
Mysella tutida---Mysella tutida
Mytihis---Mytihis
Mytihis calif ornianus---Mytihis calif ornianus
Mytihis californianus---Mytihis californianus
Mytihis edtilis---Mytihis edtilis
Mytilacea---Mytilacea
Mytilhjieria---Mytilhjieria
Mytilidae---Mytilidae
Mytiliis---Mytiliis
Mytilimeria---Mytilimeria
Mytilimeria nultalli---Mytilimeria nultalli
Mytilus calif ornianus---Mytilus calif ornianus
Mytilus edulis diegensis---Mytilus edulis diegensis
Mytilus plicatuhis---Mytilus plicatuhis
Mzirex---Mzirex
N.  consensus---N.  consensus
N. acutus---N. acutus
N. aequalis---N. aequalis
N. atacellaim---N. atacellaim
N. calif ornianus---N. calif ornianus
N. calif ornica---N. calif ornica
N. californica---N. californica
N. conceptionis---N. conceptionis
N. crenulata---N. crenulata
N. delphinodoiita---N. delphinodoiita
N. delphinodonta---N. delphinodonta
N. fulgurans---N. fulgurans
N. iiisciilpws---N. iiisciilpws
N. iveyssei---N. iveyssei
N. odilittorina---N. odilittorina
N. peloronta---N. peloronta
N. penderi---N. penderi
N. perpbigiiis---N. perpbigiiis
N. redondoensis---N. redondoensis
N. reticulata---N. reticulata
N. tenuis---N. tenuis
N. tessellata---N. tessellata
N. variabilis---N. variabilis
Naiitihis pipiliiis---Naiitihis pipiliiis
Narona---Narona
Narona cooperi---Narona cooperi
Nassa obsoleta---Nassa obsoleta
Nassarius ambiguus---Nassarius ambiguus
Nassarius calijornianus---Nassarius calijornianus
Nassarius fossatus---Nassarius fossatus
Nassarius mendicus---Nassarius mendicus
Nassarius obsoletus---Nassarius obsoletus
Nassarius perpinguis---Nassarius perpinguis
Nassarius tegula---Nassarius tegula
Nassarius trivittatus---Nassarius trivittatus
Nassarius vibex---Nassarius vibex
Nassarms---Nassarms
Nassarms acjitus---Nassarms acjitus
Nassarms ambiguus---Nassarms ambiguus
Nassarms insculptus---Nassarms insculptus
Nassarms tegnla---Nassarms tegnla
Nassarms vibex---Nassarms vibex
Nassarws miibigiiiis---Nassarws miibigiiiis
Natica canrena---Natica canrena
Natica clausa---Natica clausa
Naticacea---Naticacea
Naticinae---Naticinae
Navea subglobosa---Navea subglobosa
Navicula ostrearia---Navicula ostrearia
Nemocardhnn centifilomin---Nemocardhnn centifilomin
Nemocardium---Nemocardium
Neogastropoda---Neogastropoda
Neosimnia acicularis---Neosimnia acicularis
Neosimnia avena---Neosimnia avena
Neosimnia inflexa---Neosimnia inflexa
Neosimnia loebbeckeana---Neosimnia loebbeckeana
Neosimnia loehbeckeana---Neosimnia loehbeckeana
Neosimnia piragua---Neosimnia piragua
Neosimnia uniplicata---Neosimnia uniplicata
Neosivmia iiniplicata---Neosivmia iiniplicata
Nepiunea pribilojfensis---Nepiunea pribilojfensis
Neptimea phoenicea---Neptimea phoenicea
Neptimea tabnlata---Neptimea tabnlata
Neptunca clecemcostata---Neptunca clecemcostata
Neptunca lyrata---Neptunca lyrata
Neptunea decevicostata---Neptunea decevicostata
Neptunea eucosmia---Neptunea eucosmia
Neptunea lyrata---Neptunea lyrata
Neptunea pribiloffensis---Neptunea pribiloffensis
Neptunea tabulata---Neptunea tabulata
Neptunea ventricosa---Neptunea ventricosa
Neptuuea ventricosa---Neptuuea ventricosa
Neptwiea eiicomiia---Neptwiea eiicomiia
Nepumea---Nepumea
Nerita julgurans---Nerita julgurans
Nerita scabricosta---Nerita scabricosta
Nerita variegata---Nerita variegata
Nerites---Nerites
Neritina reclivata---Neritina reclivata
Neritina virginea---Neritina virginea
Neritu---Neritu
Nerka peloronta---Nerka peloronta
Nettastomella rostrata---Nettastomella rostrata
Nettastoviella---Nettastoviella
Niiciilmm hamata---Niiciilmm hamata
Niso hendersoni---Niso hendersoni
Nitidclla uitidula---Nitidclla uitidula
Nitidella goiildi---Nitidella goiildi
Nitidella gouldi---Nitidella gouldi
Nitidella mtidula---Nitidella mtidula
Nitidella ocellata---Nitidella ocellata
Nodilittorina tuberciilata---Nodilittorina tuberciilata
Nodilittorina tuberculata---Nodilittorina tuberculata
Nodulus---Nodulus
Noetia poiuierosa---Noetia poiuierosa
Noetia ponderosa---Noetia ponderosa
Norrisia---Norrisia
Norrisia norrisi---Norrisia norrisi
Notarcbns---Notarcbns
Notobrmichaea---Notobrmichaea
Nucella lapillus---Nucella lapillus
Nucida proxima---Nucida proxima
Nuctila---Nuctila
Nucula tenuis---Nucula tenuis
Nuculacea---Nuculacea
Nuculana acuta---Nuculana acuta
Nuculana carpenteri---Nuculana carpenteri
Nuculana concentrica---Nuculana concentrica
Nuculana fossa---Nuculana fossa
Nuculana hamata---Nuculana hamata
Nuculana hindsi---Nuculana hindsi
Nuculana minuta---Nuculana minuta
Nuculana nessanensis---Nuculana nessanensis
Nuculana penderi---Nuculana penderi
Nuculana pernula---Nuculana pernula
Nuculana taphria---Nuculana taphria
Nuculana teimisiilcata---Nuculana teimisiilcata
Nuculana tenuisulcata---Nuculana tenuisulcata
Nuttallina californica---Nuttallina californica
Nuttallina scahra---Nuttallina scahra
O. americaniis---O. americaniis
O. baetica---O. baetica
O. bimacidatus---O. bimacidatus
O. bimaciiloides---O. bimaciiloides
O. briareus---O. briareus
O. burryi---O. burryi
O. californicus---O. californicus
O. carolinensis---O. carolinensis
O. chacei---O. chacei
O. circmntexta---O. circmntexta
O. crenata---O. crenata
O. crenimarginata---O. crenimarginata
O. cristata---O. cristata
O. eqiiestris---O. eqiiestris
O. gigas---O. gigas
O. hirida---O. hirida
O. hongkongensis---O. hongkongensis
O. intorta---O. intorta
O. jolimn---O. jolimn
O. joubini---O. joubini
O. limacella---O. limacella
O. litterata---O. litterata
O. macropus---O. macropus
O. porteri---O. porteri
O. punctatns---O. punctatns
O. pycna---O. pycna
O. reticularis---O. reticularis
O. rubella---O. rubella
O. rugosus---O. rugosus
O. tercatoris---O. tercatoris
Ocenebra gracilli---Ocenebra gracilli
Ocenebra gracillita---Ocenebra gracillita
Ocenebra inter jossa---Ocenebra inter jossa
Ocenebra lurida---Ocenebra lurida
Ocenebra poulsom---Ocenebra poulsom
Ocenebra poulsoni---Ocenebra poulsoni
Ocenehra gracillima---Ocenehra gracillima
Ocinebra---Ocinebra
Octopodidae---Octopodidae
Octopus bimaciiloides---Octopus bimaciiloides
Octopus binaculatus---Octopus binaculatus
Octopus punctatus---Octopus punctatus
Odostoima---Odostoima
Odostoinia---Odostoinia
Odostojjiia---Odostojjiia
Odostojjiia lolaea heiidersojii---Odostojjiia lolaea heiidersojii
Odostomia lolaea auriaiita---Odostomia lolaea auriaiita
Odostonia---Odostonia
Oegopsida---Oegopsida
Ohvella---Ohvella
Ojichidella---Ojichidella
Olha say ana---Olha say ana
Oliva iticrassata---Oliva iticrassata
Oliva polpasta---Oliva polpasta
Oliva porphyria---Oliva porphyria
Oliva spicata---Oliva spicata
Oliva splendidula---Oliva splendidula
Olivella bayeri---Olivella bayeri
Olivella biplic ata---Olivella biplic ata
Olivella biplicata---Olivella biplicata
Olivella floralia---Olivella floralia
Olivella jaspidea---Olivella jaspidea
Olivella miitica---Olivella miitica
Olivella mutica---Olivella mutica
Olivella nivea---Olivella nivea
Olivella pedroana---Olivella pedroana
Olivellas---Olivellas
Olwella---Olwella
Ominastrephes---Ominastrephes
Onchidella borealis---Onchidella borealis
Onchidella carpenteri---Onchidella carpenteri
Onchidella floridana---Onchidella floridana
Opalia hotessieriana---Opalia hotessieriana
Opalia hotessieriann---Opalia hotessieriann
Opalia insculpta---Opalia insculpta
Opalia wrobleivshii---Opalia wrobleivshii
Opisthobranchiate---Opisthobranchiate
Oslrea lurida---Oslrea lurida
Ostrea equestris---Ostrea equestris
Ostrea frous---Ostrea frous
Ostrea liirida---Ostrea liirida
Ostrea permollis---Ostrea permollis
Ostrea pons---Ostrea pons
Ostrea thovmsi---Ostrea thovmsi
Ostrea virginica---Ostrea virginica
Ostreacea---Ostreacea
Ostren eqiiestris---Ostren eqiiestris
Oudardia---Oudardia
Oxy gyrus---Oxy gyrus
Oxy gyrus keraudreni---Oxy gyrus keraudreni
P. apicinwn---P. apicinwn
P. carolinensis---P. carolinensis
P. cepio---P. cepio
P. clathrata---P. clathrata
P. crenella---P. crenella
P. decipiens---P. decipiens
P. draconis---P. draconis
P. erectus---P. erectus
P. ferriiginea---P. ferriiginea
P. filosus---P. filosus
P. fuhrmjata---P. fuhrmjata
P. galeata---P. galeata
P. gardineri---P. gardineri
P. gigantea---P. gigantea
P. glaiicwn---P. glaiicwn
P. gouldiana---P. gouldiana
P. granulatum---P. granulatum
P. grata---P. grata
P. groenlandica---P. groenlandica
P. haiidigjjobilis---P. haiidigjjobilis
P. lineolata---P. lineolata
P. lordi---P. lordi
P. maeqiiivahis---P. maeqiiivahis
P. nidis---P. nidis
P. papulosa---P. papulosa
P. papyraceiim---P. papyraceiim
P. physoides---P. physoides
P. politula---P. politula
P. prmceps---P. prmceps
P. semisulcata---P. semisulcata
P. subtrigona---P. subtrigona
P. trilineata---P. trilineata
P. tryoni---P. tryoni
P. uberinus---P. uberinus
P. virginianum---P. virginianum
P. virgo---P. virgo
Pachydesma---Pachydesma
Pachypona---Pachypona
Pafidora grantilata---Pafidora grantilata
Palaeoconcha---Palaeoconcha
Pandora arenasa---Pandora arenasa
Pandora filosa---Pandora filosa
Pandoracea---Pandoracea
Pandoridae---Pandoridae
Panomya arctica---Panomya arctica
Panope---Panope
Panope bitriincata---Panope bitriincata
Panope generosa---Panope generosa
Paphia staminea---Paphia staminea
Papyridea sernisulcata---Papyridea sernisulcata
Papyridea soleniformis---Papyridea soleniformis
Parapholas---Parapholas
Parastarte---Parastarte
Parastarte triquetra---Parastarte triquetra
Paroctopus---Paroctopus
Patella---Patella
Patella limpets---Patella limpets
Patellacea---Patellacea
Patellidae---Patellidae
Pctricola plioladiformis---Pctricola plioladiformis
Pecteii---Pecteii
Pectejj---Pectejj
Pecten caiirimis---Pecten caiirimis
Pecten laiirenti---Pecten laiirenti
Pecten laurenti---Pecten laurenti
Pecten papyraceus---Pecten papyraceus
Pecten tereinus---Pecten tereinus
Pecten ziczac---Pecten ziczac
Pectinacea---Pectinacea
Pedalion---Pedalion
Pedicidaria---Pedicidaria
Pedicularia decnssata---Pedicularia decnssata
Pediculariella---Pediculariella
Pelecypoda---Pelecypoda
Peracle reticidata---Peracle reticidata
Periostracum---Periostracum
Periploaatidae---Periploaatidae
Periploia ineqiiale---Periploia ineqiiale
Periploma inequale---Periploma inequale
Periploma papyratium---Periploma papyratium
Periplomatidae---Periplomatidae
Periplouia planijiscuhun---Periplouia planijiscuhun
Periploum discus---Periploum discus
Periplovta discus---Periplovta discus
Peronidia---Peronidia
Perotrochns adansonianus---Perotrochns adansonianus
Persicula catenata---Persicula catenata
Persicula fjiuuta---Persicula fjiuuta
Persicula iitinuta---Persicula iitinuta
Persicula immita---Persicula immita
Persicula jeivetti---Persicula jeivetti
Petalconchm iigricaiis---Petalconchm iigricaiis
Petaloconchns irregularis---Petaloconchns irregularis
Petaloconchus irregularis---Petaloconchus irregularis
Petaloconchus nigricaits---Petaloconchus nigricaits
Petrasma---Petrasma
Petricola lapicida---Petricola lapicida
Petricola pholadifonnis---Petricola pholadifonnis
Petricola pholadijonms---Petricola pholadijonms
Petricolidae---Petricolidae
Petricolinae---Petricolinae
Phacoides anmdatiis---Phacoides anmdatiis
Phacoides annulatus---Phacoides annulatus
Phacoides filosus---Phacoides filosus
Phacoides nassula---Phacoides nassula
Phacoides nuttalli---Phacoides nuttalli
Phacoides pectinatus---Phacoides pectinatus
Phacoides rmttalli---Phacoides rmttalli
Phaliiim grajiulatwn---Phaliiim grajiulatwn
Phalium cicatricosiim---Phalium cicatricosiim
Phalium cicatricosum---Phalium cicatricosum
Phalium granulatum---Phalium granulatum
Phestilla---Phestilla
Phiiia---Phiiia
Philifie lima---Philifie lima
Philifie sagra---Philifie sagra
Philiiie lima---Philiiie lima
Philine quadrata---Philine quadrata
Philwe qnadrata---Philwe qnadrata
Phlyctiderma---Phlyctiderma
Pholadidea ovoidea---Pholadidea ovoidea
Pholas---Pholas
Pholas caipechiensis---Pholas caipechiensis
Phylloda---Phylloda
Phylloda sqiiamijera---Phylloda sqiiamijera
Phyllodina---Phyllodina
Piieiimono derma---Piieiimono derma
Piisiila---Piisiila
Pilar cordala---Pilar cordala
Pilar dione---Pilar dione
Pilar luhuinata---Pilar luhuinata
Pinctada---Pinctada
Pinctada radiata---Pinctada radiata
Pinna earnea---Pinna earnea
Pirpiira---Pirpiira
Pisania---Pisania
Pisania pusio---Pisania pusio
Pisidium---Pisidium
Pitar albida---Pitar albida
Pitar cordata---Pitar cordata
Pitar dione---Pitar dione
Pitar juhiiinata---Pitar juhiiinata
Pitar monhuana---Pitar monhuana
Pitar morrhtiana---Pitar morrhtiana
Pitar morrhunim---Pitar morrhunim
Pitar simpsoni---Pitar simpsoni
Pitarenus---Pitarenus
Pjieuviodennopsis---Pjieuviodennopsis
Placiphorella---Placiphorella
Placopecten magellanicus---Placopecten magellanicus
Planaxis lineatus---Planaxis lineatus
Planaxis lineatus da---Planaxis lineatus da
Planaxis nucleus---Planaxis nucleus
Platyodon cancelatiis---Platyodon cancelatiis
Platyschides---Platyschides
Pleiirobranchus atlmiticits---Pleiirobranchus atlmiticits
Pleiiroploca gigantea---Pleiiroploca gigantea
Pleurobranchus atlanticus---Pleurobranchus atlanticus
Pleuroploca gigantea---Pleuroploca gigantea
Pleurotomaria---Pleurotomaria
Pleurotomariacea---Pleurotomariacea
Pleurotomarias---Pleurotomarias
Plicatula---Plicatula
Pliolas caiupeciensis---Pliolas caiupeciensis
Pnmum amabile---Pnmum amabile
Pododesmus macroschismus---Pododesmus macroschismus
Pododesmus rudis---Pododesmus rudis
Pododesnnis rudis---Pododesnnis rudis
Polifiices draconis---Polifiices draconis
Polijiices---Polijiices
Polijiices duplicatus---Polijiices duplicatus
Polinices bnmneiis---Polinices bnmneiis
Polinices brunneus---Polinices brunneus
Polinices duplicatus---Polinices duplicatus
Polinices ififmaculatus---Polinices ififmaculatus
Polinices lacteiis---Polinices lacteiis
Polinices lacteus---Polinices lacteus
Polinices recliisianus---Polinices recliisianus
Polinices reclusianus---Polinices reclusianus
Polinices uberinus---Polinices uberinus
Polinicinae---Polinicinae
Polmices draconis---Polmices draconis
Polymesoda caroliniana---Polymesoda caroliniana
Polystira albida---Polystira albida
Polystira tellea---Polystira tellea
Polytropa---Polytropa
Porojnya---Porojnya
Poromya---Poromya
Poromya granulata---Poromya granulata
Poromyacea---Poromyacea
Poromyidae---Poromyidae
Potamidinae---Potamidinae
Primovula carnea---Primovula carnea
Progabbia---Progabbia
Propeamiisshim---Propeamiisshim
Propeamiissium pourtalesinninn---Propeamiissium pourtalesinninn
Propeavitissmm poiirtalesiaimm---Propeavitissmm poiirtalesiaimm
Propeaviusshmi---Propeaviusshmi
Prosobranchia---Prosobranchia
Protothaca stamnea---Protothaca stamnea
Protothaca staviinea---Protothaca staviinea
Prunum apicinum---Prunum apicinum
Prunum bellmn---Prunum bellmn
Prunum carneum---Prunum carneum
Prunum guttatujn---Prunum guttatujn
Prunum guttatum---Prunum guttatum
Prunum labiatum---Prunum labiatum
Prunum roosevelti---Prunum roosevelti
Prunum virginiammt---Prunum virginiammt
Prunun helium---Prunun helium
Prunut apicimw---Prunut apicimw
Psainmobia---Psainmobia
Pseiidochama---Pseiidochama
Pseiidocyrena fioridana---Pseiidocyrena fioridana
Pseiidoneptunea vndtangida---Pseiidoneptunea vndtangida
Pseiidopythina---Pseiidopythina
Pseiidosbnnia---Pseiidosbnnia
Psephidia lordi---Psephidia lordi
Pseudo chama exogyra---Pseudo chama exogyra
Pseudochama grajiti---Pseudochama grajiti
Pseudochama radians---Pseudochama radians
Pseudochavia echinata---Pseudochavia echinata
Pseudocyrena---Pseudocyrena
Pseudocyrena floridana---Pseudocyrena floridana
Pseudomalaxts---Pseudomalaxts
Pseudoneptunea miiltangiila---Pseudoneptunea miiltangiila
Pteria colymbiis---Pteria colymbiis
Pteria colymbns---Pteria colymbns
Pteria sterna---Pteria sterna
Pteriacea---Pteriacea
Pterorylis joliata---Pterorylis joliata
Pterorytis---Pterorytis
Pterorytis foliata---Pterorytis foliata
Pterorytis nuttalli---Pterorytis nuttalli
Puncturella cucullata---Puncturella cucullata
Puncturella galeata---Puncturella galeata
Puncturella noachina---Puncturella noachina
Puperita---Puperita
Puperita pupa---Puperita pupa
Pupillaria---Pupillaria
Purpura crispata---Purpura crispata
Purpura lapillus---Purpura lapillus
Purpura patida---Purpura patida
Purpura patula---Purpura patula
Purpurinae---Purpurinae
Pyrafiiidellidae---Pyrafiiidellidae
Pyraindella---Pyraindella
Pyramidella dolabrata---Pyramidella dolabrata
Pyramidella dolabratn---Pyramidella dolabratn
Pyramidellacea---Pyramidellacea
Pyrarnidella---Pyrarnidella
Pyrenidae---Pyrenidae
Pyrnnculus caelatiis---Pyrnnculus caelatiis
Pyrula---Pyrula
Pyrunculus---Pyrunculus
Pyrunculus caelatus---Pyrunculus caelatus
Qjtadrajjs lintea---Qjtadrajjs lintea
Quadrans---Quadrans
Quadrans lintea---Quadrans lintea
R. aspinosiis---R. aspinosiis
R. bushi---R. bushi
R. cainpechejisis---R. cainpechejisis
R. californica---R. californica
R. californiensis---R. californiensis
R. diomedea---R. diomedea
R. eqiialis---R. eqiialis
R. flexiiosa---R. flexiiosa
R. flexuosa---R. flexuosa
R. georgiajia---R. georgiajia
R. iiasuta---R. iiasuta
R. niiutus---R. niiutus
R. nitida---R. nitida
R. pertejiuis---R. pertejiuis
R. rostrata---R. rostrata
R. turrita---R. turrita
Raeta canaliciilata---Raeta canaliciilata
Raigia---Raigia
Rangia cnneata---Rangia cnneata
Rangia cuneata---Rangia cuneata
Rangia flexuosa---Rangia flexuosa
Rangianella---Rangianella
Ranularia---Ranularia
Rapaninae---Rapaninae
Rehderia---Rehderia
Retiisa obnisa---Retiisa obnisa
Retiisa ohtusa---Retiisa ohtusa
Retusa canaliculata---Retusa canaliculata
Retusa obtusa---Retusa obtusa
Retusa sulcata---Retusa sulcata
Rhizoriis---Rhizoriis
Rhizorus aculus---Rhizorus aculus
Rhizorus acutus---Rhizorus acutus
Rhizorus oxytatus---Rhizorus oxytatus
Rimula---Rimula
Rimula frenulata---Rimula frenulata
Ringicula senstriata---Ringicula senstriata
Rissoacea---Rissoacea
Rmgiciila---Rmgiciila
Rocellaria---Rocellaria
Rocellaria hians---Rocellaria hians
Rocellaria ovata---Rocellaria ovata
Rochefortia---Rochefortia
Rossia tenera---Rossia tenera
Rostanga---Rostanga
Rubellatoina rubella---Rubellatoina rubella
Rudhapes---Rudhapes
Rupcllaria telliniyalis---Rupcllaria telliniyalis
Rupellaria carditoides---Rupellaria carditoides
Rupellaria dejiticulata---Rupellaria dejiticulata
Rupellaria tellimyalis---Rupellaria tellimyalis
Rupellaria typica---Rupellaria typica
S. alatus---S. alatus
S. alta---S. alta
S. annulatus---S. annulatus
S. biilnnoides---S. biilnnoides
S. bitiiberculatus---S. bitiiberculatus
S. borealis---S. borealis
S. californicum---S. californicum
S. cancellata---S. cancellata
S. carnaria---S. carnaria
S. cubana---S. cubana
S. debile---S. debile
S. epae---S. epae
S. flexuosa---S. flexuosa
S. gigas verrilli---S. gigas verrilli
S. hemphilli---S. hemphilli
S. hendersoni---S. hendersoni
S. holograpta---S. holograpta
S. iaufragum---S. iaufragum
S. inflatum---S. inflatum
S. lacunella---S. lacunella
S. lesuenri---S. lesuenri
S. lineolata---S. lineolata
S. luatsoni---S. luatsoni
S. pacifica---S. pacifica
S. pallasi---S. pallasi
S. patula---S. patula
S. pectinata---S. pectinata
S. pisiforinis---S. pisiforinis
S. plamlata---S. plamlata
S. proxivm---S. proxivm
S. pugilis---S. pugilis
S. regalis---S. regalis
S. retroversa---S. retroversa
S. sanguinolenta---S. sanguinolenta
S. scopulosum---S. scopulosum
S. senisulcata---S. senisulcata
S. smilis---S. smilis
S. spectabilis---S. spectabilis
S. terebralis---S. terebralis
S. trochiformis---S. trochiformis
S. trombus granulatus---S. trombus granulatus
S. velum---S. velum
S. viedia---S. viedia
S. voyi---S. voyi
Sangiiinolaria---Sangiiinolaria
Sangiiinolaria cruenta---Sangiiinolaria cruenta
Sanguinolaria cruenta---Sanguinolaria cruenta
Sanguinolaria mittalli---Sanguinolaria mittalli
Sanguinolaria nuttalli---Sanguinolaria nuttalli
Sanguinolariidae---Sanguinolariidae
Saxicava---Saxicava
Saxidojims nuttalli---Saxidojims nuttalli
Saxidomns nuttalli---Saxidomns nuttalli
Saxidomus gigantea---Saxidomus gigantea
Saxidomus giganteus---Saxidomus giganteus
Saxidounis imttalli---Saxidounis imttalli
Scalaria borealis---Scalaria borealis
Scalina---Scalina
Scaphander---Scaphander
Scaphander piinctostriatiis---Scaphander piinctostriatiis
Scaphander piinctostriatus---Scaphander piinctostriatus
Scaphandridae---Scaphandridae
Scaphella dohrni---Scaphella dohrni
Scaphella dubia---Scaphella dubia
Scaphella jiinonia---Scaphella jiinonia
Scaphella jmwnia---Scaphella jmwnia
Scaphella junonia---Scaphella junonia
Scaphella schmitti---Scaphella schmitti
Scaphellinae---Scaphellinae
Schizodonta---Schizodonta
Schizothaenis nuttalli---Schizothaenis nuttalli
Schizothaerus---Schizothaerus
Schizothaerus nuttalli---Schizothaerus nuttalli
Schizothaerus nuttalli capax---Schizothaerus nuttalli capax
Schizothaerus nuttalli nuttalli---Schizothaerus nuttalli nuttalli
Schizotrochus---Schizotrochus
Scissula---Scissula
Scissurella crispata---Scissurella crispata
Scissurella proxi---Scissurella proxi
Scissurella proxia---Scissurella proxia
Sconsia---Sconsia
Sconsia striata---Sconsia striata
Scrobiculina---Scrobiculina
Scyllaea---Scyllaea
Searlesia---Searlesia
Searlesia dira---Searlesia dira
Seiele rupicola---Seiele rupicola
Seila adamsi---Seila adamsi
Seila monterey ensis---Seila monterey ensis
Seinicassis---Seinicassis
Semele bellastriata---Semele bellastriata
Semele bellastriatn---Semele bellastriatn
Semele decisa---Semele decisa
Semele nibropicta---Semele nibropicta
Semele proficua---Semele proficua
Semele projicua---Semele projicua
Semele purpurascens---Semele purpurascens
Semele pwpiirascens---Semele pwpiirascens
Semele rubropictn---Semele rubropictn
Semelidae---Semelidae
Semicassis---Semicassis
Semicassis abbreviata---Semicassis abbreviata
Sepiidae---Sepiidae
Sepioteuthis sepioidea---Sepioteuthis sepioidea
Septifek---Septifek
Septifer bifurcams---Septifer bifurcams
Septifer bifurcatus---Septifer bifurcatus
Serripes---Serripes
Serripes groenlandicus---Serripes groenlandicus
Serripes groenlandiczis---Serripes groenlandiczis
Sigatica carolinensis---Sigatica carolinensis
Siisania---Siisania
Silicjna costata---Silicjna costata
Siliqiia costata---Siliqiia costata
Siliqiia patula---Siliqiia patula
Siliqiia squama---Siliqiia squama
Siliqua alta---Siliqua alta
Siliqua hicida---Siliqua hicida
Siliqua patula---Siliqua patula
Siliquariidae---Siliquariidae
Sininae---Sininae
Sinum maculatum---Sinum maculatum
Sinum perspectivum---Sinum perspectivum
Sinum scopulosum---Sinum scopulosum
Siphoiodentalndae---Siphoiodentalndae
Siphon---Siphon
Siphonaria alternata---Siphonaria alternata
Siphonaria pectinata---Siphonaria pectinata
Siphono dentaliidae---Siphono dentaliidae
Siphonodentaliidae---Siphonodentaliidae
Siphonodentalium---Siphonodentalium
Smaragdia viridis---Smaragdia viridis
Solariella lacunella---Solariella lacunella
Solariella lamellosa---Solariella lamellosa
Solariella obsciira---Solariella obsciira
Solariella obscura---Solariella obscura
Solecurtus cutningianus---Solecurtus cutningianus
Solecurtus snnctaemarthae---Solecurtus snnctaemarthae
Soleii---Soleii
Solemya bore alls---Solemya bore alls
Solemya valvidus---Solemya valvidus
Solemyacea---Solemyacea
Solemyacidae---Solemyacidae
Solen rosaceiis---Solen rosaceiis
Solen sicariiis---Solen sicariiis
Solenacea---Solenacea
Solenomya---Solenomya
Spengleria---Spengleria
Spengleria rostrata---Spengleria rostrata
Sphaeriwn---Sphaeriwn
Sphenia fragilis---Sphenia fragilis
Spheuia---Spheuia
Spimla solidissiina---Spimla solidissiina
Spinla spirilla---Spinla spirilla
Spiratella---Spiratella
Spiratella bulmwides---Spiratella bulmwides
Spiratella helicina---Spiratella helicina
Spiratella infiata---Spiratella infiata
Spiratella inflata---Spiratella inflata
Spiratella lesueuri---Spiratella lesueuri
Spiratella retroversa---Spiratella retroversa
Spiratella trochi---Spiratella trochi
Spiratella trochiomtis---Spiratella trochiomtis
Spirialis goiildi---Spirialis goiildi
Spirilla---Spirilla
Spiroglyphus lituellus---Spiroglyphus lituellus
Spirula---Spirula
Spirula spirula---Spirula spirula
Spirulidae---Spirulidae
Spisida---Spisida
Spisiila---Spisiila
Spisnla dolabriformis---Spisnla dolabriformis
Spisula beinphilli---Spisula beinphilli
Spisula catillijormis---Spisula catillijormis
Spisula dolabriformis---Spisula dolabriformis
Spisula falcata---Spisula falcata
Spisula planulata---Spisula planulata
Spisula solidissima---Spisula solidissima
Spojidyhis---Spojidyhis
Spondvlidae---Spondvlidae
Spondyhis---Spondyhis
Spondylus amencanus---Spondylus amencanus
Srtpmnrfer watsoni---Srtpmnrfer watsoni
Sthenorytis perno bills---Sthenorytis perno bills
Sthenoteuthis---Sthenoteuthis
Sthenoteuthis bartrami---Sthenoteuthis bartrami
Sthetiorytis pernobilis---Sthetiorytis pernobilis
Stigmaulax elenae---Stigmaulax elenae
Stilifer---Stilifer
Strigilla carnaria---Strigilla carnaria
Strigilla pisijorviis---Strigilla pisijorviis
Strigilla rombergi---Strigilla rombergi